[zh.@]
半遗忘的回忆III：芝士三明治
[en.@]
Half-Remembered Dream III: Cheese Sandwich
[zh.@desc]
§b从云中城到马哈顿，作为如今难得能带来笑容的东西，以他名字命名的玩具在幼驹和部分成年小马心中有着不可撼动的地位，但是再多的玩具和加工厂也没法给芝士三明治本马带来一丝真正的快乐，在终末之战之前，芝士三明治是小马国最杰出的派对策划，但是终末之战后，自由成为了历史，他深爱的小马萍琪派也失踪了，虽然他还从未向她表明过心意。小马利亚处于一个名为和煦光流的家伙的管控下，而巨型的半人马和幻形灵在四处为非作歹，很少有普通的小马有心情再找他举办派对了，而只要是从和煦光流统治下获利的新晋贵族，无论他们怎么请求，他也都一律回绝。幸好在他的副经理索然莫笑的辛勤工作和一些必要的贿赂下，欢乐集团仍然在保持着运营，尽可能帮助更多的小马获得欢乐或工作，并且把产品卖向了更多的地区。芝士三明治把他赚到的巨额资产都用来扩建新的工厂和慈善事业。
现在芝士三明治仍然把他大部分的时间都用在了走遍小马利亚上，每当他看见需要帮助的小马，他也会尽他所能给他们带来慰藉，但是生活上的困苦不是一俩个派对或者玩笑能解决的。正当他今天在白尾森林像往常一样旅行时，他的尾巴不受控制颤动了六次，随后是他的头发又颤动了俩次，这说明了一件事。§!
[en.@desc]
§bFrom Cloud City to Manehattan, as one of the few things that could bring smiles nowadays, toys named after him held an unshakeable place in the hearts of foals and some adult ponies. But no matter how many toys and factories existed, they couldn’t bring even a hint of real joy to Cheese Sandwich himself. With the advent of the Last Roundup, freedom became history, and his beloved Pinkie Pie had disappeared, though he had never confessed his feelings to her. Equestria was under the control of a figure named Cozy Glow, while giant centaurs and shape-shifters wreaked havoc everywhere. Few ordinary ponies were in the mood for parties anymore, and no matter how much profit the newly minted aristocrats derived from Cozy Glow’s rule, he would always refuse their requests, thanks to the diligent work of his assistant manager, Sans Smirk, and some necessary bribes, Joyful Enterprises still operated, helping as many ponies as possible find joy or work and selling products in more areas. 
Now, Cheese Sandwich still spent most of his time traveling across Equestria, offering solace to ponies in need whenever he could, but life’s hardships weren’t solved by a few parties or jokes. As he traveled through White Tail Woods today, his tail twitched uncontrollably six times, followed by two twitches of his mane, indicating one thing.§!
[zh.@o0]
“走吧，没骨头，我们去岩石农场”
[en.@o0]
“Let’s go, Boneless, Rock Farm need our help.”
