[zh.@]
这里是水晶帝国的土地，却从未真正属于水晶帝国。黑晶王时期，小马利亚的公主们以“监督黑晶不再回归”为名，派军队入驻这片土地。众生大会上一纸“委任统治”的决议，让这片土地在法理上成为了小马利亚的保护区。
当然，除了消失的那一千年外，剩余的时间水晶帝国与小马利亚王国都长期保持着友好关系，因此对这点小小的驻军并无意见。但终末之战后，小马利亚王国覆灭，众生大会也不再召开，幻形灵帝国以继承委任统治权的名义设立了“租界”，并派遣军队入驻这片土地监管租界旁的水晶庄园。
但幻形灵从来对领土不感兴趣，他们需要的只是是一个可以自由出入的关口 — 从那以后，每年水晶帝国向幻形灵帝国进贡的爱意就在这里汇聚，沿铁路线跨越云中城与名流谷，输向幻形灵帝国的东部边境。幻形灵对这条迂回而又漫长的路线并不满意，他们希望能有一条更直接的路线，一条不受制于帝国秩序成员国的路线，但无论是小马利亚帝国还是水晶帝国显然都并不打算让出更多的土地。幻形灵也曾考虑过西部与北方的海运线，但起码在征服牦牛斯坦以前，这些想法都不如巩固对租界的控制来得实际。
于是，居住在这里的水晶小马被免去了爱意税，也被用温和的方式鼓励着学习幻形灵的语言与文化。幻形灵唯一难以决定的是是否要留存水晶小马的尚武传统。一方面，尚武也是幻形灵自古以来的文化与精神，但另一方面，没有殖民者会喜欢教授自己的被统治者武艺。

[en.@]
This is land of the Crystal Empire, yet it has never truly belonged to the Crystal Empire. During King Sombra’s reign, the princesses of Equestria sent troops to occupy this land under the pretext of “preventing the return of Sombra”. A resolution at the Convocation of the Creatures to “entrust governance” made this land a protectorate of Equestria in law.
Of course, apart from the thousand years of Crystal Empire’s absence, the remaining time the Crystal Empire and the Kingdom of Equestria have long maintained friendly relations, so they had no objections to this small garrison. But after the Ultimate Battle, the Kingdom of Equestria fell, and the Convocation of the Creatures ceased to convene. The Changeling Empire, claiming to inherit the right of entrusted governance, established a “concession” and sent troops to occupy this land to supervise the Crystal Estate next to the concession.
However, the Changelings have never been interested in territory; all they need is a gateway for free access — since then, the love that the Crystal Empire pays tribute to the Changeling Empire has gathered here every year, crossing the Cloudsdale and Sire’s Hollow along the railway line, and flowing to the eastern border of the Changeling Empire. The Changelings are not satisfied with this circuitous and lengthy route; they hope for a more direct route, one that is not subject to the Imperial Order, but neither the Equestria Empire nor the Crystal Empire apparently intends to give up more land. The Changelings have also considered sea routes to the west and north, but at least before the conquest of Yakyakistan, these ideas are not as practical as consolidating control over the concession.
Therefore, the crystal ponies living here are exempt from the love tax and are gently encouraged to learn the language and culture of the Changelings. The only thing the Changelings have difficulty deciding is whether to preserve the martial tradition of the crystal ponies. On the one hoof, martial spirits have been part of Changeling culture and spirit since ancient times, but on the other hoof, no colonizer would like to teach their subjects martial skills.
