[zh.@]
夜间行动：圣光流镇
[en.@]
Night Operation: Saint Glow Town
[zh.@desc]
夜幕降临，在圣光流镇一处熄灯的小巷内，几只独角兽正在堵着陆马阿辉，因为这只新来的小马没有支付“工厂入场费”。

阿辉倒在地上，走马灯掩盖住了他的眼睛，让他暂时远离眼前的黑暗：他原本是逃亡的一员，原本快要走出边境了，突然撞上了边巡队。自己没跑过被抓了，另一个同乡倒运气好，跑进一片林子里，不知道现在咋样了。被抓之后，他被判了刑，往后五十年都要为帝国打工，给他发配到了圣光流镇军工厂。这厂的厂长也是个畜生，为了交差把小马当奴隶用...

“咚!”一只蹄子踹在阿辉脸上。这几只独角兽听说是给了厂长钱，成了小经理。有了保护伞，这几个便敢肆无忌惮勒索下级。他们看阿辉又是新来的，又被判刑，还是陆马，便捏了个“没交入场费”的理由把他堵在巷子里抢钱。“你什么玩意啊？给老子松蹄，不交入场费有理了是吧？”又是一蹄踢在阿辉身上，他突然没力气了，蹄子护着的包脱落在地，给他们抢了去。“记好了，给老子...明天再来这...不然老子...”后面他们说了啥，阿辉也听不清了，任凭脑中的蜜蜂在耳边鸣叫。

过了不知多久，阿辉从昏迷中醒来了。他感觉全身一阵剧痛带着隐痛。他试图起身，随即一道影子遮住了他。那是在小巷出口，一只青灰色的小马正盯着他看。

“哇呜，怎么啦？在这种小巷里，还那么多伤，不是很妙啊？” 听见这句话，阿辉回了一句：“...是几个工厂保安，他们把我抢了，还...”阿辉猛然一惊:面前这只小马，与通缉令上抵抗军叫乐天派的小马一模一样。“你，你是...！”

“认出我来了？不错，我是抵抗军的小马。”乐天派用一种轻松的口气说:“上报的话也没关系，防区的小马会做什么？凭你身上的青一块紫一块也能知道。另外，劝你最好不要回头，一把弩正瞄着你呢。”阿辉彻底不敢动了，他害怕这位抵抗组织的小马下一秒就下令发射弩箭，贯穿自己的头颅。“求你了，不要杀我，我不想死，我想回...”阿辉想到家乡，想到那个特丽克西，内心崩溃更近一层。“我没有家了...”

“也许吧，如果你能告诉我们军工厂怎么进去的话——” 其实乐天派早就知道怎么进去，不过想确保阿辉不会真的想为帝国工作一辈子，让他能有一点反抗帝国统治的想法。“刚刚那几个！他们就是军工厂经理，他们身上有钥匙！”求生的欲望占据了阿辉的大脑，他只想活着，无论付出什么代价。

“噢，谢谢啦，帮了我们大忙！”乐天派缓步离开了小巷，走之前给了阿辉一个“干得不错”的眼神。剩下阿辉一只马在小巷里，他的思绪更加混乱:帮助抵抗组织，这已经算通敌，他可能会以叛国罪名而被判处死刑...怎么到头来都是个死！不帮抵抗组织也死，帮了也死，他明明只想活着，可是命运为他铺了两条殊途同归的死路——他沉默了，坐在小巷里，眼神空洞，不愿再思考自己的命运，而是抬头看着流转的星空，静静等待自己的命运。

天上不停有天马在搬着什么东西，大概是抵抗组织的小马吧？反正怎么样都与我无关了，阿辉这么想着。直到最后一批天马向着东边飞去，他们扔下来了什么东西——是阿辉的钱包，里面一元不少，夹着一张纸条——“不要放弃，抵抗组织与你同在”。阿辉先是睁大眼睛，然后把钱包塞进包里，再起身，头也不回离开了小巷。

直到第二天，整个军工厂管理层都炸锅了，发疯似的找是下面哪只小马如此大胆，敢动他们的东西？阿辉对抵抗组织的行动守口如瓶，上面最后什么也没找到，只好报告说“搬迁过程中丢失”，就是不敢说是东边的小马干的，如同乐天派猜测的那样。
[en.@desc]
The night fell, in a dark alley in Saint Glow Town, a few unicorns were blocking the earth pony Alfred, because this new pony did not pay the “factory entrance fee”.

Alfred fell to the ground, flashbacks of his life covered his eyes, temporarily taking him away from the darkness in front of him: he was originally a fugitive. He was so close to crossing the border, only to run into the border patrol. His companion was lucky enough to run into a forest, but he failed. After being caught, he was sentenced to fifty years of work for the empire. He was assigned to the military factory in Saint Glow Town. The factory manager was also a bastard, using ponies as slaves just to meet his quota...

“Bang!” Alfred was kicked right in the face. It’s rumored that these unicorns in front of him bribed the factory manager to become junior managers. And with the protection of the manager, they are now extorting their subordinates without any scruples. They saw Alfred, the new comer, the one who was sentenced, and an earth pony, so they naturally made up a reason “not paying the entrance fee” to block him in the alley and rob him. “Who do you think you are? If you don’t pay the entrace fee, you totally deserve this!” Another kick hit Alfred. Suddenly, he felt powerless. The bag he was holding fell to the ground, and they took it away. “Remember, tomorrow the same place... or else...” Alfred couldn’t hear what they said next, as the buzzing in his head was too loud.

After some time, Alfred woke up from his coma. He felt a sharp pain all over his body. He tried to get up, but a shadow covered him. It was a small gray pony at the exit of the alley, staring at him.

“Wow! You are lying in this dark alley, and you are seriously injured. That’s really bad. What happened?” Hearing this, Alfred replied, “...It was a few factory security guards. They robbed me and...” Alfred suddenly realized that the pony in front of him was exactly the same as the one called Party Favor in the empire’s wanted poster. “You! You are...!”

“You recognize me? Yes, I am a member of the resistance.” Party Favor said in a relaxed tone, “It’s okay to report me. What will the ponies in the EEMD do? They can tell what you are by the bruises on your body. Besides, I advise you not to look back. A crossbow is aiming at you right now.” Alfred dared not move. He was afraid that the pony from the resistance would order to shoot him with a crossbow and pierce his head. “Please, don’t kill me. I don’t want to die. I want to go back...” Alfred thought of his hometown, thought of Trixie Lulamoon, and he is increasingly melting down. “I have no home...”

“Maybe, but if you can tell us how to get into the military factory —” Actually, Party Favor knew how to get in, he just wanted to confirm that Alfred is not one of those obedient ponies who would work for the empire for the rest of his life, but someone who has a little resistance against the empire. “Just now! They are the factory managers. They have the keys!” The desire to survive occupied Alfred’s brain. He just wanted to live, no matter what the cost.

“Oh, thank you for helping us!” Party Favor left the alley slowly, giving Alfred a look of “well done” before leaving. Alfred was left alone in the alley, his thoughts even more chaotic: helping the resistance, this is already considered treason, and he may be sentenced to death for treason... Why is it that in the end, it’s all about death? Not helping the resistance will lead to death, helping will lead to death, he just wanted to live, but fate has laid two dead ends for him — he fell silent, sat in the alley, looked up at the rotating starry sky, and quietly waited for his fate.

There were pegasi in the sky carrying something back and forth. They must be the ponies from the resistance, right? Anyway, it has nothing to do with me, Alfred thought. Until the last group of pegasi flew eastward, they dropped something — it was Alfred’s wallet, without a single bit missing, and a note attached — “Don’t give up, the resistance is with you”. Alfred widened his eyes, put the wallet in his bag, stood up, and left the alley without looking back.

The next day, the entire management of the military factory went crazy, frantically looking for which pony below dared to be so bold and dared to touch their things. Alfred kept his mouth shut about the resistance’s actions. They found nothing in the end, and had to report “lost during relocation”. They didn’t dare to say that it was the ponies from the east who did it, just as Party Favor had guessed.

[zh.@o0]
种子种下，待其发芽...
[en.@o0]
Seed is planted, waiting for it to sprout...
