[zh.@]
流离失所的风仙子
[en.@]
The Displaced Breezies
[zh.@desc]
海风被一名士官装在了透明的玻璃瓶中，小心翼翼的放在了一个样式精美的盒子里，她没有任何反抗，因为她知道，这是徒劳无功的。就在刚才，她的遭遇发生在了全部风仙子的身上，一队队士兵从战车上下来，这名士官也是其中一员，他们不由分说的将风仙子装进不同的玻璃瓶中，虽然士兵们已经尝试尽量不伤害这些风仙子，但是他们的举动仍然让风仙子们产生大量的恐慌，一时间场面混乱起来。风仙子的迷你城镇也在混乱中被践踏和破坏。一名士兵拿着大喇叭试图让场面恢复秩序，但他刚在喇叭里喊着每位风仙子的安全都会受到保障，周围的风仙子便因为巨大声波的刺激捂着耳朵在地上痛苦的扑腾着。但是当海风看到那个陆马军官犹豫不决和四处躲闪的眼神后，她还是忍不住用尽全身的力气拍打着玻璃瓶，发出一阵阵沉闷的敲击声，但是，玻璃瓶纹丝不动，作为产生自风的魔法精灵，她却连个玻璃瓶也打翻不了。
“我们做错了什么？为什么要这样对我们？我以为...我以为我们是朋友”泪水在她眼中打花，她带着哭腔，用她能发出的最大的声音诉骂道。那位士官叹了口气，把头转过去，不忍心看着她，“石青派答应给你们安排了一个更好的地方，那里会更安全，不会再受到伤害”士官试图找补道.“让我去见石青派！这里是我们风仙子世世代代居住的地方，一千年以来，真正伤害我们的只有你们。你们还要破坏这个美丽的地方，在这里建造堡垒，炸出矿坑，把这里的生物统统赶走，把这里变成战场...”海风继续斥责道，虽然她的每一句话其实都深深烙印在了这名士官的心中，但士官只是叹了一口气，她狭小的身躯让她的话语产生不了任何该有的份量。士官无能为力，她同样也是如此。
[en.@desc]
Seabreeze was carefully placed into a clear glass jar by an enlisted officer and gently set inside an exquisitely crafted box. She offered no resistance, for she knew it would be futile. Just moments ago, the same fate had befallen every Breezie: troop after troop of soldiers dismounted from their chariots—this officer among them—and without warning crammed the Breezies into separate jars. Although the soldiers tried not to injure them, their actions still provoked panic, and chaos ensued. The Breezies’ tiny town was trampled and demolished in the confusion. One soldier grabbed a megaphone to restore order and blared assurances of safety, but the blast only forced the Breezies to cover their ears and writhe in pain.

Yet when Seabreeze saw the hesitancy and darting eyes of the officer before her, she summoned all her strength and pounded the glass jar, producing dull thuds. But the jar remained unmoved. Born of wind magic, she could stir air itself—but she couldn’t even topple this glass prison.

“What did we ever do wrong? Why are you treating us like this? I thought… I thought we were friends,” she sobbed, her tears blurring her vision as she cried out at the top of her voice. The officer sighed and turned away, unable to meet her gaze. “Limestone Pie has arranged a safer place for you,” he offered weakly. “There you won’t be harmed again.”

“Let me see Limestone Pie! This has been our home for generations—a thousand years, and the only ones who’ve truly hurt us are you!” Seabreeze’s voice quivered with righteous anger. “You’ve destroyed this beautiful land, built fortresses here, blasted open quarries, driven out its creatures, and turned it into a battlefield…” Each accusation rang in the officer’s heart, yet his small frame and uniform rendered him powerless to answer.

With a final sigh, the officer snapped the box shut, 
[zh.@o0]
士官把盒子盖上，海风的声音逐渐微弱起来
[en.@o0]
and Seabreeze’s cries faded into a trembling silence.
