[zh.@]
死亡的考验
[en.@]
The Trial of Death
[zh.@desc]
“虽然从最开始的那次实验成功到现在，魔药灌注的流程和配方已经修改了不下数十次了，但是我仍然得就强烈警告你，受试者的死亡率仍然接近50%，并且86.5%的受试者在蜕变后产生了心理或身体上的副作用，我真的不建议你这么做，你真的可能会没命的，就算侥幸活下来，情况也不一定有你想象的那么美好。”痊愈铂金一脸严肃的对着石青派说道。此刻，石青派正脱光了衣服，进入一个精密的玻璃仓内，玻璃仓的俩侧连接的是各种乱七八糟的管线和设备，不少设备正冒着红光，从管道口喷出浓浓的蒸汽，整个房间都被引擎的轰鸣声覆盖，然而，痊愈铂金的话却异常的清晰。“姐姐！”玉琪派站在痊愈铂金的身旁，带着哭腔喊道，她真的很担心，如果倘若再失去了石青派，她将孤苦无依，一想到实验失败的画面，玉琪派便忍不住颤抖起来。“不准哭，玉琪派。如果我死了，采石农场就托付给你了，如果需要帮助的话，去找芝士三明治”石青派用冷静的语气一边说着，一边用蹄子将舱门关上。
然而，她确是此刻在场的小马中最怀抱着怒火的一位。可西光辉、提雷克、风之魔、虫茧女王，他们各个都有着超凡的力量，石青派迫切的想要亲自见证他们各个的死亡，可是这对一个普通的陆马雌驹而言，还是太过勉强了，因为可西光辉只需要轻轻一击就能让石青派全身粉碎，但现在，她有了机会来改变这一事实。

[en.@desc]
“Although the infusion process and formula have been revised dozens of times since the initial successful experiment, I must still strongly warn you: the mortality rate of subjects remains close to 50%, and 86.5% of them experience psychological or physical side effects after transformation. I really don’t recommend this. You might not survive, and even if you do, the outcome may not be as pleasant as you imagine.” Platinum Cure said seriously to Limestone Pie.

At this moment, Limestone Pie stood naked, entering a precision glass chamber. The chamber was connected to various tangled pipelines and equipment, many of which emitted red light and released thick steam. The entire room was drowned out by the roar of engines. However, Platinum Cure’s words were unusually clear.

“Big sister!” Limestone Pie’s younger sister, Marble Pie, stood beside Platinum Cure, her voice trembling with worry. She was truly concerned; if she lost Limestone Pie, she would be left all alone. The thought of a failed experiment made her shiver uncontrollably.

“Don’t cry, Marble Pie. If I die, the rock farm will be entrusted to you. If you need help, go find Cheese Sandwich.” Limestone Pie spoke calmly, closing the hatch with her hoof.
Reverso Context

However, she was the one with the most burning anger among the ponies present. Cozy Glow, Tirek, Windigo, and Queen Chrysalis—all possessed extraordinary powers. Limestone Pie was eager to witness their deaths firsthand. But for an ordinary earth pony mare, this was still too challenging. Cozy Glow could shatter her entire body with a single strike. But now, she had the opportunity to change this reality.
[zh.@o0]
对石青派的考验已然开始
[en.@o0]
The trial for Limestone Pie had begun.
