[zh.@]
帝国强烈谴责针对小马谷的袭击
[en.@]
The Empire Strongly Condemns the Attack on Ponyville
[zh.@desc]
在毫无预兆的情况下，帝国突然召集记者召开了一场紧急新闻发布会，似乎有重要表态。然而，在场并没有记者了解发布会的内容是什么，所有小马都在猜测这次发布会的目的。
帝国秩序部、国家安全部和国防部三部门都派出了代表出席这次发布会。不久后，国防部的新闻发言者走上讲台。
“就在今天早些时候，我们受到了一份沉痛的消息。” 他的声音低沉而沉重。
“近来，叛军与小马谷的冲突愈演愈烈。帝国一直在努力维护小马谷的安全，但出于寻求和平解决方案的愿望，帝国一直保持了最大程度的克制，没有派出军队与叛军正面交火。”
“然而，我们的克制并没有得到回报。以星光熠熠为首的叛军，在小马谷沦陷后——” 发言者的声音突然停顿，他的眼神变得更加严肃。
“——选择了引爆帝国为小马谷各地无偿建设的储油罐，造成了系列毁灭性的爆炸，彻底摧毁了小马谷地区。” 随后是一阵沉默，像是在默哀。
“我们尚不清楚，此次袭击的伤亡情况，以及星光熠熠的下落。但有一件事是明确的，帝国在此郑重承诺，我们将追究这次袭击的责任，绝不姑息。”
“今天的记者会到此结束，谢谢大家。”

话音刚落，会场爆发了一阵嘈杂。因为许多记者，其中包括来自小马谷的记者，甚至都还没有听闻这场惨案。他们的脸上，都写满了震惊。一位记者眼中带有泪光：
“这太恐怖了！请恕我提问，袭击具体是什么时候发生的？五个小时前我才刚刚从小马谷回到坎特洛特，竟然发生了这样的事——”
“对不起，我们今天不接受提问。” 发言者在离开前留下了短短一句话。
[en.@desc]
Under no warning, the Empire suddenly convened a press conference for an emergency, seemingly to make an important statement. However, no journalist present knew what the press conference was about, and all ponies were guessing the purpose of this press conference.
Representatives from the Ministry of Order, Ministry of National Security, and Ministry of Defence were all present at the press conference. Shortly after, the spokespony of the Ministry of Defense stepped onto the stage.
“Earlier today, we received grave news.” His voice was low and heavy.
“Recently, the conflict between the rebels and Ponyville has escalated. The Empire has been working hard to maintain the safety of Ponyville, but out of the desire for a peaceful resolution, the Empire has always maintained the utmost restraint and has not sent troops to engage in direct combat with the rebels.”
“However, our restraint has not been reciprocated. After the fall of Ponyville, the rebels led by Starlight Glimmer —” The spokespony’s voice suddenly paused, and his eyes became more serious.
“— chose to detonate the fuel silos that the Empire had built for Ponyville free of charge, causing a series of devastating explosions that completely destroyed the Ponyville area.” Then there was a moment of silence, as if in mourning.
“We are not yet clear about the casualties of this attack and the whereabouts of Starlight Glimmer. But one thing is clear, the Empire solemnly promises here that we will make every effort to hold the responsible parties accountable for this attack, and will not tolerate it.”
“The press conference ends here today, thank you.”

As soon as the words end, the venue erupted into a commotion. Because many journalists, including those from Ponyville, had not even heard of this tragedy. Their expressions were filled with shock. A journalist had tears in his eyes:
“Horrible horrible tragedy! But forgive me for asking, when exactly did the attack happen? I just returned from Ponyville to Canterlot five hours ago, and such tragedy happened—”
“I’m sorry, we are not taking questions today.” The spokespony left with a short sentence.
[zh.@o0]
精妙绝伦的表演！
[en.@o0]
Wonderful Performance!
[zh.@o1]
无耻的栽赃！
[en.@o1]
Shameless Framing!
[zh.@o2]
爆炸？什么时候？
[en.@o2]
Explosion? When?
