[zh.@]
彻底清算
[en.@]
Reckoning
[zh.@desc]
小马德菲亚的一间酒馆里面，小马们正热火朝天讨论自己摆脱奴隶贸易后的未来——除了一个角落里的小马外。他的脸色阴沉，头顶一顶大兜帽，围着一件格外宽大的风衣，戴着墨镜，默不作声，生怕有小马认出他来。

这里的灯临时出了故障，以至于这个角落实在过于黑暗，没有小马愿意坐到这只小马旁边。直到十分钟后，一只同样戴着兜帽、墨镜的小马坐到了他旁边，开口说话：“这些小马... 抵抗军来了比谁都开心，也不看是谁给了他们工作？”

听到这话，角落里的小马眼前一亮。他打量了一下，这只兜帽小马也与自己一样是要逃向巴尔的马的小马，终于找到个伴！“对啊，这些忘恩负义的小马，我呸！” 他开口说。

“看这样子，你也要去巴尔的马？” 兜帽小马问道。

“对啊，我好不容易拿下主街上的的坎特拉餐厅给那些刁民占了去，我在马哈顿什么也没有了，只能去巴尔的马。”

说完，他拿起酒杯喝了一口酒，然后问兜帽小马：“你呢？你又怎么要去巴尔的马？”

“我也跟你差不多。说起来，你说坎特拉餐厅，难道你就是罗杰斯？最近刚刚跻身乐善集团顶层的生意天才？听说那家餐厅业绩不错啊，贸易额蹭蹭往上涨，我早就想见见你了。” 兜帽小马突然激动起来。

酒精的作用上来了，罗杰斯借着酒劲，“哈！我就是。你要我的签名吗？分享经验？还是商业合作？诺，这是我的名片，一般的小马可没机会拿得到。抱歉... 你是谁？你是哪里来的？”

兜帽小马笑了起来，脱下了墨镜：

“抵抗军国家安全部，很高兴见到你，罗杰斯先生。”
[en.@desc]
Inside a tavern in Fillydelphia, ponies are discussing their future after breaking free from the slave trade — except one of them is not. His face is gloomy, he wears a large hat, an oversized coat, sunglasses, and remains silent, afraid of being recognized.

Lighting in the tavern is temporarily out of order, making the corner too dark for any pony to sit next to him. Ten minutes later, another pony covered in hoodie and sunglasses sits next to him and starts talking: “These ponies... all they celebrate is the arrival of the Resistance, but never the ones who gave them jobs.”

Hearing this, the pony in the corner suddenly turned his head, realizing that the pony next to him is also a pony who wants to escape to Baltimare, finally, a companion! “Yeah, these ungrateful ponies!” he complained.

“Looks like you’re going to Baltimare, too?” the hoodie pony asked.

“Of course, I made so much effort to take over the Canterlot Restaurant on Main Street, and those rascals just took it away. I have nothing left in Manehattan, so I have to go to Baltimare.”	

He took a sip of his drink and asked the pony in the hoodie, “So what about you? Why are you going to Baltimare?”

“I’m in a similar situation as you. Wait, you just mentioned Canterlot Restaurant, are you Rogers? The business genius who recently made it to the top of the Gladmane Group? I heard that your restaurant was doing so well, the revenue was skyrocketing. I’ve been wanting to meet you for a long time.” The pony in the hoodie suddenly became excited.

The alcohol kicked in, Rogers became more confident, “Ha! That’s me. Do you want my autograph? Experiences? Or business cooperation? Here, this is my business card, ordinary ponies don’t have the chance to get it. Wait, sorry... who are you again? Where are you from?”

The pony in the hoodie took off his sunglasses and smiled:

“I’m from the National Security Department of the Resistance, nice to meet you, Mr. Rogers.”
[zh.@o0]
灯亮了
[en.@o0]
Lighting restored
