[zh.@]
你认识我的吧？
[en.@]
You can recognize me, right?
[zh.@desc]
清晨的第一缕微光，就可以宣告漫漫长夜的结束；然而直到那太阳升至头顶，光线强到无法睁眼，对于那些在边境排起长队等待进入帝国的小马们，长夜才真正结束。
中午十二点半，吃过午饭的边检士兵才懒洋洋地前来，慢慢悠悠地整理好，开始了一天的入境业务办理。
“下一位！请出示证件！我看看... 名字是... 乐善？”
边检士兵疑惑地抬起头，看了看面前那只小马的高档西装，和与之格格不入的粘满泥土的白发。

过去，从这里前往帝国的大多是些贫穷的小马以及那些乐善集团成队输送来的“全职劳工”；而最近，随着马哈顿的战况越来越糟糕，也有不少集团的富豪从马哈顿逃难至帝国。
但是... 最近有太多类似的情况了，有的是从商场里面偷了一套高档西装，甚至有的只是偷了一支高档羽毛笔，就试图假装是富豪想要入境。更何况，乐善？他有自己的轿车和热气球，怎么会步行前往边境？
士兵刚准备盖下“拒绝入境”的章，对面的小马似乎注意到了士兵的怀疑，并偷偷递出一大把金币：“我真的是乐善！我的热气球被城里那群疯子打下来了！”
士兵收下金币，便找来了队长；队长收下了更多金币，又叫来了队长的长官。

那只自称“乐善”的小马，看到长官前来，立即激动起来。“嘿！我认识你... 你之前是集团保安哪个小队的吧... 叫... 叫什么来着？快放我过去，你这些士兵都瞎了眼不认识我。你认识我的吧？”
长官上下打量着这只小马，随后凑到他的耳边，轻轻地说：“是的，董事长，我认识您。当初就是您，把我从马哈顿集团总部最繁华的街区，调到这荒山野岭的边检站的。”

长官后退几步，对着士兵大声宣布：“我见过乐善，但我不认识这只小马是谁。士兵，给他拒绝入... 不，准许入境，这一批全都送到帝国的煤矿去，这应该是来自马哈顿的最后一批‘全职劳工’了。”
[en.@desc]
The first ray of light in the morning can announce the end of the long night; however, it is not until the sun rises to the top of the head and the light is so strong that it is impossible to open the eyes, that the long night truly ends for the ponies who are waiting in long queues at the border to enter the empire.
At half past twelve noon, the border guards who had finished their lunch finally came lazily and slowly to the front, and began the entrance service for the day.
“Next! Papers please! Let me see... Your name is... Gladmane?"
The border guard raised his head in confusion and looked at the classy suit of the pony in front of him, together with muddy white hair that does not seem to match.

In the past, most of the ponies who went from here to the empire were poor ponies and the “full-time laborers” sent by the Gladmane Group; and recently, with the situation in Manehattan getting worse and worse, many wealthy ponies from the Group have fled to the empire.
But... there have been too many similar cases recently, some have stolen a set of classy suits from the mall, and some have even stolen a classy feather pen, trying to pretend to be wealthy ponies wanting to enter the empire. Anyway, Gladmane? He has his own palanquin and hot air balloon, why would he walk to the border?
The soldier was about to stamp the “denied entry” seal, when the pony in front seemed to notice the soldier’s suspicion and secretly handed over a handful of gold coins: “I really am Gladmane! My balloon was shot down by those crazy ponies in the city!”
The soldier took the gold coins and called his captain; the captain took more gold coins and called his officer.

The pony who claimed to be “Gladmane” saw the officer coming and immediately became excited. “Hey! I know you... You were in the security team of the Group before, right? Don’t remind me, let me think, your name is... eh... your name is... Damn what was it? Anyway, just let me pass, those blind idiots of yours don’t recognize me. You can recognize me, right?”
The officer looked up and down at the pony, then leaned over to his ear and whispered, “Yes, boss, I recognize you. It was you who transferred me from the most prosperous district of the Manehattan Group headquarters to this remote border inspection station that is in the middle of nowhere.”

The officer stepped back a few steps, and announced loudly to the soldiers, “I have seen Gladmane, but I don’t know who this pony is. Soldier, deny entry... no, wait, allow entry, and send all of them to the empire’s coal mine, this should be the last batch of ‘full-time laborers’ from Manehattan.”
[zh.@o0]
罪有应得
[en.@o0]
He deserved
