[zh.@]
友谊弦断
[en.@]
Friendship is Snapped
[zh.@desc]
星光熠熠做了个梦，她梦见自己的朋友们被黑暗吞噬，离自己越来越远，而她只能目视这一切，却什么也做不到。这个梦如此真实，以至于星光熠熠在早上六点就被惊醒，比平常早了两个小时。

透过房间的窗户，星光看到一幅出乎她意料的景象：早上六点天还没亮，镇上的所有小马似乎都不约而同地堵在报社前。无论哪只小马，脸上都有或悲伤，或愤恨的情绪，坎特洛特方向的天空中甚至挂着一个无比明亮的彩虹。

这绝不正常，星光熠熠这么想着。未等她出门，日光耀耀就以近乎撞破门的方式冲进了房间。“星光，我的天哪，快看这个！”

星光熠熠突然有种不祥的预感，她拿起日光给她的报纸，读了起来:

“新元年：为庆祝暮光闪闪及其反谐律团伙被正义的力量击败，和煦光流女皇、邪茧女王及提雷克大王举行会议，决定将象征塞拉斯蒂娅时代歪理的‘暖炉节’更为庆祝真正的谐律主义秩序确立的‘新元年’，并于新元年前夕对反谐律主义分子进行了正义审判。暮光闪闪及其五名同伙已被永久剥夺身份，移交至未公开地点隔离处置。出于帝国安全需要，六名囚犯的关押地点及现况将不再公开……什么？!”她简直不敢相信自己的眼睛。

“不再公开？!她们被带到哪里去了？!”
[en.@desc]
Starlight Glimmer had a dream. She dreamed that her friends were swallowed by darkness and were getting farther and farther away from her, and she could only watch all this happen without being able to do anything. The dream was so real that Starlight Glimmer woke up at six in the morning, two hours earlier than usual.

Through the window of her room, Starlight saw an unexpected sight: at six in the morning, when the sky was not yet bright, all the ponies in town seemed to have gathered in front of the newspaper office. No matter which pony, there was a look of sadness or resentment on their faces, and there was even an incredibly bright rainbow hanging in the sky in the direction of Canterlot.

This is definitely not normal, Starlight Glimmer thought. Before she could leave, Sunburst burst into the room almost breaking the door. “Starlight, oh my goodness, look at this!”

Starlight suddenly had a bad feeling, she picked up the newspaper Sunburst gave her and read it:

“Jahr Null: To celebrate the defeat of Twilight Sparkle and her anti-harmony group by the forces of justice, Empress Cozy Glow, Queen Chrysalis and Lord Tirek decided to replace the ‘Hearth’s Warming Eve’ of the Celestia era with ‘Jahr Null’, celebrating the establishment of true harmonic order. On the eve of Jahr Null, the anti-harmony elements were brought to justice. Twilight Sparkle and her five accomplices have been permanently stripped of their identities and transferred to an undisclosed location for isolated disposition. For reasons of imperial security, their place of confinement and present condition will no longer be made public... What?!” She could hardly believe her eyes.

“No longer public?! Where did they take them?!”
[zh.@o0]
“日光耀耀，出大事了，快给无序和余晖写信，快!”
[en.@o0]
“Sunburst, something terrible happened, write to Discord and Sunset, quickly!”
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
§Y国策树§!已更换
[en.@TOOLTIP]
§YFocus Tree§! updated
