[zh.@]
天使投资 · 后续
[en.@]
Angel Investor · III

[zh.@desc]
“和煦身旁的那个书呆子跟班？” 喷火摘下墨镜瞥了一眼劳雷特小姐，惊讶地一度想要吹响她的教官哨子。

在喷火拒绝了劳雷特提出的与乘风合作的方案后，金主名单上的下一个便是羽蝶 —— 现任帝国首席经济顾问、曾主导云中城自由贸易试验区项目的总指挥。虽然喷火对这位已经成为帝国高层的小马、和煦与花花短裤麾下最得力的经济干将仍然抱有警惕，但从帝国日益疯狂的经济政策来看：身处政治中心坎特洛特的羽蝶，其实早已经完全被文官集团和秘密警察架空，他的自由主义理论已被丢到一边。

劳雷特小姐说，自己昨天在坎特洛特与羽蝶交流时，他表达了想要辞职回到层云堡的意图。羽蝶希望重新实践自己的理论，继续那个被呆蹄领主打断的经济改革试验，而不受帝国官员干扰的自治领是最好的试验场。但与此同时，他也明白帝国中的贵族们并不希望看到这个试验成功，会尽他们所能阻挠羽蝶的计划。这迫使羽蝶不得不留在坎特洛特，紧紧抓住他本就所剩不多的那点首席顾问的权力。因此，劳雷特小姐提议，由羽蝶出资，帮助层云堡政府解决资金问题：条件是层云堡要接纳羽蝶的经济理论进行改革，让羽蝶打造一个成功的试验区展示给和煦女皇。

“所以，我们层云堡修建餐馆，最终只是为了让羽蝶能帮着那个和煦变得更富有？” 喷火反问道，她的声音中带着一丝讽刺。
“可是，羽蝶的理论一旦成功，不止会让和煦变得富有，整个帝国的经济都会受益。每一只小马，普通的小马们，这里面也包括你和我以及层云堡。” 劳雷特说。

“我还是表示怀疑，” 听着劳雷特有些异常热情地推荐，喷火不屑地带上了墨镜。
[en.@desc]
“That nerd next to Cozy Glow?” Spitfire took off her sunglasses and glanced at Miss Laurette, surprised and almost wanting to blow her instructor whistle.

After Spitfire rejected Laurette’s proposal to cooperate with Wind Rider, the next on the list of benefactors was Feather Flatterfly — the current Chief Economic Advisor of the Empire, and the commander of the Cloudsdale FTZ project. Spitfire still remained wary of this pony who had become a high-ranking member of the Empire, as well as the most capable economic aide in the service of Cozy Glow and Fancy Pants. However, judging from the increasingly crazy economic policies of the Empire: Feather Flatterfly, who is now inside the political center Canterlot, has long been marginalized by the civil group and secret police. His liberal economic theory has also been thrown aside.

Miss Laurette said that when she communicated with Feather Flatterfly in Canterlot yesterday, he expressed his intention to resign and return to Stratusburg. Feather Flatterfly hoped to re-implement his theory and continue the economic reform experiment that was interrupted by Duchess Derpy Hooves. An autonomous dominion without interference from the Empire officials was the best experimental field. However, at the same time, he also understood that the nobles in the Empire did not want to see this experiment succeed, and would do everything they could to obstruct Feather Flatterfly’s plan. This forced Feather Flatterfly to stay in Canterlot, tightly holding onto the little power of the Chief Advisor he had left. Therefore, Miss Laurette proposed that Feather Flatterfly would provide funds to help the Stratusburg government solve its financial problems: the condition was that Stratusburg would accept Feather Flatterfly’s economic theory for reform, allowing Feather Flatterfly to create a successful experimental zone to showcase to Empress Cozy Glow.

“So, we’re building diner in Stratusburg just to make Feather Flatterfly help Cozy Glow get richer?” Spitfire asked back, her voice tinged with sarcasm.
“But, once Feather Flatterfly’s theory succeeds, not only will Cozy Glow get richer, but the entire Empire’s economy will benefit. Every pony, ordinary ponies, including you and me and Stratusburg, will benefit.” Laurette said.

“I’m still skeptical,” listening to Laurette’s somewhat unusually enthusiastic recommendation, Spitfire disdainfully put on her sunglasses.

[zh.@o0]
“但，有时我们也不得不这样做。”
[en.@o0]
“But, sometimes that’s what we have to do.”

[zh.@o1]
“我宁愿选择乘风也不要帝国。”
[en.@o1]
“I’d rather choose Wind Rider than the Empire.”

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
§R层云堡政府将不能再干预经济。§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
§RThe Cloudsdale government will no longer intervene in the economy.§!

[zh.@TRIGGER_TOOLTIP]
§R因为接受了与羽蝶的合作，层云堡政府将不能再干预经济。§!
[en.@TRIGGER_TOOLTIP]
§RBecause of the cooperation with Feather Flatterfly, the Cloudsdale government will no longer intervene in the economy.§!
