[zh.@]
极其失败的成功
[en.@]
A Spectacular Failure
[zh.@desc]
一个秘密会议室里，石青派看着眼前激烈的争吵，感到有些烦躁，她面前，奥塔维奥正在和莫丝清香你一眼我一嘴的吵着面红耳赤。“你是说，你把俩包粉末都倒了进去？我跟你说的你是一个字都没听，你害死了他，苹果家族为什么会有你这样的蠢货！”“胡说！你...你压根没说俩包粉末的事情！你只是让我趁他不注意把粉末倒进去”“要是真那么简单，我还分开包装干什么...”“都住嘴！”石青派发话了，俩个小马无奈的闭上了嘴，一脸惶恐的期待她们的姐姐站在哪一方，仿佛石青派此刻像是一个公正的法官，而他俩则是被告和原告。
不过石青派此刻并没有去纠结这个问题，对错是非已经不重要了，她在半个小时前得到了消息，布雷本去世了，死因是中毒，苹果家族邀请派家族一同出席葬礼，他们并没有发觉是莫丝清香所为，他们如偿所愿的把问题归结于帝国身上。虽然这远远超出了石青派一开始的预期，但是目前的局势似乎在她期望方向的发展，可考虑到苹果家族现在对帝国积压已久的情绪，她甚至都不用考虑去如何获得苹果家族的领导权了。“布雷本的死已经成为了定局，我不管当时究竟发生了什么，但是，你们千万不要透露出一点风声，不然，我们会前功尽弃的。”
她随后又安慰莫丝清香到“我知道布雷本的死是我们导致的，但是，你不要再过多自责了，毕竟，这也是我的主意”莫丝清香听到后，低下了头，用蹄子擦了擦眼角的泪水。奥塔维奥也停止了嘀咕，沉默不语。片刻，石青派继续发令道：
[en.@desc]
In a secluded meeting room, Limestone Pie watched the heated argument before her with growing irritation. Before her, Octavio and Mossy were engaged in a fiery exchange, their faces flushed with anger.

"You mean to say you poured both packets of powder in? I told you—did you not listen to a single word? You've killed him! How could the Apple family have someone as foolish as you?"

"That’s nonsense! You... you never mentioned anything about two packets! You just told me to pour the powder in when he wasn’t looking."

"If it were that simple, why would I have packaged them separately..."

"Enough!" Limestone Pie’s voice cut through the room. The two ponies fell silent, their expressions turning anxious as they awaited their sister’s judgment, as if she were a fair judge and they the defendant and plaintiff.

However, Limestone Pie was no longer concerned with assigning blame. Right and wrong had lost their significance. Half an hour ago, she had received news of Braeburn’s death—poisoning was the cause. The Apple family had invited the Pie family to attend the funeral, unaware that Mossy was responsible. They had conveniently attributed the incident to the Empire. Although this outcome far exceeded Limestone Pie’s initial expectations, the current situation seemed to be unfolding in her favor. Given the Apple family’s longstanding resentment towards the Empire, she no longer needed to contemplate how to assume leadership of the Apple family.

"Braeburn’s death is now a settled matter. I don’t care what transpired at the time, but you must not let a single word slip. Otherwise, all our efforts will have been in vain."

She then turned to comfort Mossy, saying, "I know Braeburn’s death was our doing, but don’t blame yourself too much. After all, it was my idea." Upon hearing this, Mossy lowered her head and wiped away tears with her hoof. Octavio also ceased his muttering, remaining silent.

After a moment, Limestone Pie continued, 
[zh.@o0]
“现在，我们该出席一场葬礼了”
[en.@o0]
"Now, we have a funeral to attend."
