[zh.@]
发展与否，这是个问题
[en.@]
To Develop or Not, That is the Question

[zh.@desc]
《层云堡小餐馆扩建计划》《帝国征兵办通知》《廷马克图水晶开采方案》《云中城关于层云堡马芬出口质量问题的投诉》... 喷火在办公室内，看着一摞摞的报告，烦躁地甩着她的口哨。
随着呆蹄领导下的云中城逐渐进入福利社会，没有生存压力，也没有增长空间，更多具有野心、有能力的小马开始在层云堡寻找机会。但是，涌入的投机者对于层云堡来说却不见得是好事：喷火清楚，层云堡能存活至今的最重要原因不是军事强大，而是经济落后：帝国从征服层云堡获取的预计收益甚至不够弥补镇压的开支。一旦层云堡经济发展，帝国入侵的利益增加，层云堡的生存反而会更加困难。
此前，喷火对这些发展提案的态度大多是“不予理睬”，但是，越来越多的小马开始询问，为什么不批准这些百利而无一害的提案呢？天真的层云堡居民们从不质疑喷火的领导，但仅仅是出于好奇的询问，也让喷火不知该怎么回答。仅仅因为害怕帝国的入侵，从此就不再发展，这是一个正确的选择吗？
喷火甩着口哨，开始一个个地翻阅这些报告。

[en.@desc]
“Stratusburg Diner Expansion Plan”, “Empire Conscription Office Notice”, “Timbucktu Crystal Mining Plan”, “Cloudsdale Complaints about Stratusburg Muffin Export Quality”... Spitfire was in the office, looking at a stack of reports, irritably swinging her whistle.
As Cloudsdale gradually becoming a welfare society under Duchess Derpy’s leadership, there is no survival pressure, nor space for growth. More ambitious and capable ponies began to look for opportunities in Stratusburg. However, the influx of speculators may not be a good thing for Stratusburg: it is clear to Spitfire, that the most important reason why Stratusburg can survive to this day is not military strength, but economic backwardness: the estimated income that the Empire can obtain from conquering Stratusburg is not enough to make up for the cost of suppression. Once the economy of Stratusburg develops, the benefits of the Empire’s invasion will increase, and the survival of Stratusburg will become more difficult.
Previously, Spitfire’s attitude towards these development proposals was mostly “ignored”, but more and more ponies began to ask, why not approve these harmless proposals? The naive residents of Stratusburg never questioned Spitfire’s leadership, but their questions purely out of curiosity made Spitfire unsure how to answer. Is it a correct choice to stop developing just because of fear of the Empire’s invasion?
Spitfire swung her whistle and began to read these reports one by one.

[zh.@o0]
是时候做出些改变了。
[en.@o0]
It’s time to make some changes.
