[zh.@]
坎特洛特，历经千年风雨的小马利亚首都。自千年前三族在此立定盟约以来，她见证了千年以来周边土地上一代代小马子民的生老病死，注视着一座座城市的崛起，一片片土地的开拓。某种程度上说，坎特洛特就是整个小马利亚的缩影。
终末之战后，整个坎特洛特在和煦光流的指示下得到了重建，力图抹去一切旧日的痕迹。轰轰隆隆的重建活动展开，千年历史的古堡被翻修一新，女皇的巨幅画像掩盖掉欢乐的涂鸦，庞大巍峨的混凝土像遮蔽了阳光，曾经举办派对的广场如今只剩下单调的士兵踏步声。
然而，历史无法被彻底掩盖。在那些女皇爪牙暂时无法触及的阴暗角落，在那些尚未得到处理的残垣断壁之中，那些墙壁上的文字与图案诉说着一个个故事，那些不屈的灵魂的故事。
坎特洛特已经注视了她的子民千年之久 —— 但没有小马知道她还能否注视到下一个千年。

§g“... 当你走出坎特洛特火车站时，迎接你的将是一条宽阔的大道，沿大道分布着在伟大女皇指示下拔地而起的宏伟建筑。而走在街上，这里的小马们全都面带微笑。无论在城市的哪个角落，小马们只要抬起头就一定能看见我们友谊女皇的巨幅画像。想到伟大的女皇陛下为了小马们而操劳，就连最坚强的小马都会落下眼泪。在宏伟的皇宫里，世界各地的宾客们齐聚一堂，叹服于我们伟大国家的辉煌。那些官员们都是我们国家最聪明，最有责任感的小马，他们尽职尽责，清正廉洁，努力为全体小马的幸福与快乐服务...”§!
§g“这里没有痛苦，没有悲伤，没有堕落，有的只有骄傲和感动，以及对女皇的无限爱戴。每一匹小马，都会在这里发自内心的微笑... 微笑...”§!
§g——摘自《旅者必须要去的女皇陛下伟大统治下的十大帝国名胜》§!

[en.@]
Canterlot, the capital of Equestria, has experienced the vicissitudes of life for thousands of years. Since the three tribes made the Covenant here a thousand years ago, it has witnessed the birth, aging, sickness, and death of generations of ponies on the surrounding land, and watched the rise of cities and the development of land. To some extent, Canterlot is a microcosm of the entire Equestria.
After the Ultimate Battle, the entire Canterlot was rebuilt under the guidance of Cozy Glow, trying to erase all traces of the past. The thunderous reconstruction activities began, the ancient castles with a history of a thousand years were renovated, the huge portrait of the Empress covered the joyful graffiti, the huge and majestic concrete blocked the sunlight, and the square that once held parties now only had the monotonous sound of soldiers marching.
However, history cannot be completely covered up. In those dark corners that the Empress’s minions temporarily could not reach, in those ruins that had not been dealt with, the texts and patterns on the walls told stories, the stories of those indomitable souls.
Canterlot has been watching her subjects for thousands of years — but no pony knows if she can still watch them for the next thousand years.

§g“... as you walk out of the Canterlot train station, you will be greeted by a wide avenue, along which magnificent buildings have sprung up under the guidance of the great Empress. Walking on the street, the ponies here all smile. No matter which corner of the city, as long as the ponies raise their heads, they will definitely see the huge portrait of our Empress of Friendship. Thinking of the great Empress working hard for the ponies, even the strongest ponies will shed tears. In the magnificent palace, guests from all over the world gather together, admiring the brilliance of our great country. Those officials are the smartest and most responsible ponies in our country. They are diligent, honest, and work hard to serve the happiness and joy of all ponies...”
§g“There is no pain, no sadness, no decadence here, only pride and touch, and infinite love for the Empress. Every pony will smile from the bottom of their hearts here... smile...”§!
§g— Excerpt from “Top 10 Landmarks that Travelers Must Visit in the Empire Ruled by the Great Empress”§!
