[zh.@]
一只军迷小马的遭遇
[en.@]
A Military Fan’s Encounter
[en.@desc]
Serenity Sunlight is a full-fledged military fan. He has been obsessed with various weapons since he was a child: from long swords and shields to muskets. Although he has not yet obtained his cutie mark, he believes that his cutie mark must be the most powerful and coolest weapon.
S.S. loves Cozy Glow so much: if it weren’t for her, he might have to wait until he was an adult to join the army. Now, he only needs to wait until he is 12 years old to join the army. S.S. looks forward to it. As long as he can reach 12 years old, he can become a glorious soldier. But time is as slow as Granny Smith. This long time was so unbearable that it almost drove S.S. crazy. He dreamed about it day and night, and he always spent his free time in the military museum in town.
This situation continued until his 12th birthday. When he got up, he shouted excitedly at home: “Now I can join the army! I can join the army! I can join the army!” S.S. danced in the living room excitedly. He didn’t care about the plain white bread that his mother had saved for him to celebrate his birthday. He rushed to the conscription office in town. When he wrote his name, his whole body was shaking. When he returned home, it was already evening, and his mother was still waiting for him to blow out the match as a candle. S.S. was so excited that he was not hungry at all. Just imagine: if a spirited colt can finally go to the battlefield, how can he sleep? Just thinking that he would finally have his share of the weapons at the exhibition, the young colt’s vitality was released without reservation. He kissed his mother hard. Then he quickly blew out the match. The military fan’s greatest wish has been fulfilled, and there is nothing else to ask for now.
The next day, the conscription notice was sent to his home. S.S. packed his luggage happily. Before leaving, he saw his mother’s tears flowing down her cheeks. Although there was a touch of inexplicable sadness in his heart, S.S. was determined to go forward and not be entangled by family affairs.
S.S. dared not look back again. What he got in the end was not satisfaction, but emptiness. His mother’s crying lingered behind him for a long time, until he boarded the truck. When he saw the comrades who would eat, live, and fight together in the future, S.S. was excited again. He had already seen the future life in the barracks, the shooting accuracy competition with his comrades, the night chat in the dormitory, the singing of military songs, the triumphant return, the awarding of medals and the promotion... S.S. talked endlessly about his dreams to his comrades on the truck, but the other ponies on the truck seemed not very excited — they were almost all forcibly recruited.
S.S. now understands that he is different. It seems that only he in the world yearns for war, yearns to be well-trained, yearns to wield those weapons that can easily kill ponies. But S.S. doesn’t care. He just wants to be a glorious soldier. His dream has finally come true, and he is no longer an insignificant pony.
The truck finally arrived at its destination, but S.S. found that it was not a military camp or a training ground, but a front-line battlefield. S.S. figured that what was written in the books was not all correct, for example, soldiers don’t need so much training, they can go directly to the front line. Well, practice is the best teacher, there is no problem with that. But what about the cool guns he saw at the exhibition? Now what? He looked at the tattered weapons distributed to him in a daze.
“Sir, I’m sorry to bother you, but do I really have to take this stick-like gun to the battlefield?”
“No, soldier, you are wrong. This is just a stick.”
[zh.@desc]
静阳是个十足的军迷，打记事起，他就沉迷在各种武器里不能自拔：从前是长剑与盾牌，现在是火铳。虽然他现在还没获得自己的可爱标记，但是他相信自己的可爱标记一定会是火力最强最酷炫的武器。
静阳爱死和煦流光啦：要不是因为她，自己可能就要等到成年才能参加军队了。如今，他只要等到12岁就可以参军了。静阳期盼着，只要自己能到12岁，他就可以成为一名光荣的士兵。但时间偏偏像是史密斯婆婆一样行动缓慢。这漫长的岁月如此难熬以至于静阳几近疯癫，白天想，夜里梦，只要有闲空就一定在镇上的军事博物馆里泡着。
这种状况一直持续到他12岁生日那天。一起床，他就兴奋地在家里大喊到： “我能参军啦！我能参军啦！我能参军啦！”静阳兴奋地在客厅手舞足蹈。他顾不得那块母亲节衣缩食省出来的那块朴素的那块用来给他庆祝生日的白面面包。卯足了劲儿奔向镇上的征兵处。在写下自己名字的时候，他整个身体都在不住地颤抖。等到他回家时候，已经是傍晚，母亲依旧在等着他来吹那根当做是蜡烛的火柴。静阳整个马都填满了亢奋，他根本不饿。试想一下：如果一个有血性的小雄驹终于可以上战场，他怎么可能睡得着觉呢？一想到那些在展览会上武器也终于要有他的一份，那份年轻马特有的活力就毫无保留的散发了出来。他狠狠地亲了一口母亲。又草草的吹完了那根蜡烛。军迷最大的愿望已经实现，现在已经没有什么奢求的东西了。
第二天，征兵通知送到了家里，静阳高兴地背上行李，临走前，他看见母亲的泪水正顺着脸颊流下。尽管心里也涌出一股莫名的心酸，但是静阳志在四方，不能被家长里短所牵绊。
静阳不敢再回头，实现梦想了的他在最后得到的不是满足而是空虚。母亲的泣声徘徊在自己的身后久久没有散去，直到他登上卡车。见到了未来将要同吃同住，出生入死的战友们，静阳又重新燃起了激动的心情。他已经看见了未来的军营生活，看到了和战友们比拼射击精度，看到了宿舍夜聊，看到了齐唱军歌，看到了胜利凯旋，看到了授勋晋升... 静阳在车上滔滔不绝地和战友们讲述着自己的梦想，而卡车上的其他小马们似乎却并不是很激动——他们几乎全都是被强制征招的。
静阳现在才明白，自己是个异类。这世上似乎只有他才渴望着战争，渴望着变得训练有素，渴望着挥舞那些轻易置马于死地的武器。但静阳并不在意，他只要能成为一名光荣的士兵就好。他的梦想终于实现了，他已经不再是一个无足轻重的小马了。
卡车终于到达了目的地，但静阳走下车才发现，这里不是军营，不是训练场，而是前线战场。静阳才发现那些书上讲的东西并不是都是全对的，譬如，其实士兵们根本不需要那么多训练，直接到前线就好。好吧，实践才是最好的老师，倒是没有问题。但是，静阳之前在展览会上明明看见的酷毙了的枪，现在又是怎么回事？他看着被分发下来破烂不堪的武器愣住了。
“长官，很抱歉打扰您，但我真的要拿这根像木棍一样的枪上战场吗？”
“不，士兵，你说错了。这就是一根木棍。”
[zh.@o0]
“别弄丢了，后面还有三个等着用呢”
[en.@o0]
“Don’t lose it, three more ponies waiting to use that!”