[zh.@]
私密磋商
[en.@]
Private Consultation
[zh.@desc]
玉琪派站在俩兄弟私密的办公室门口，焦急的来回踱步，俩侧的卫兵眼睛都不眨的盯着她，让她感到十分不自在。吱呀一声，华丽的小门被拉开，玉琪派快步走了进去，她刚走进去后，门就嘎吱嘎吱的缓缓关上了，不过，门后并没有管家什么的小马，她也没看到魔法的辉光，这让玉琪派感到有些好奇，但是看到笑眯眯的俩兄弟后，她紧张的咽了一下口水，然后赶紧走到前面的一个位子上坐好，然而，俩兄弟一言不发的看看她，就像刚才的卫兵那样，就这样，沉默的片刻，直到一个柔弱的声音从那个雌驹嘴里传了出来“呜，我今天.........我今天代表采石农场.....来.......”玉琪派尝试先开口，但是发现这对她而言没那么容易
“哦我亲爱的玉琪派，别着急，不如先来谈谈，你可爱的姐姐为什么不亲自过来，而是选择你呢”弗莱姆一边说着，一边向后靠去，双蹄抱在后脑勺上，显得尤为放松
“啊........嗯.........姐姐说........我比较好说话，你们会喜欢..........”
“哦吼吼，原来是这样啊，亲爱的玉琪派，你放心，我们俩决定不会让你难堪的”弗立姆一边说一边一个健步跳到玉琪派的边上，凑近他的脸说道，仿佛是在捉弄她：“那么.........你的姐姐想对我们说什么呢，难不成想对我们求婚吗？是谁呢，我还是弗莱姆，还是俩个都是？”
“”不是的，不是的！“玉琪派羞红了脸，赶紧摇了摇脑袋
[en.@desc]
Marble Pie stood anxiously pacing before the private office of the Flim Flam brothers. The two guards flanking the door stared at her without blinking, making her feel deeply uncomfortable. With a creak, the ornate door was pulled open, and Marble Pie hurried inside. As soon as she stepped in, the door swung shut behind her with a slow, groaning creak. There was no butler pony waiting, nor any glimmer of magic—an oddity that piqued Marble’s curiosity. But when she saw the two brothers smiling at her, her nerves returned and she swallowed hard before hurrying to sit in the chair in front of them.

For a moment, both brothers sat in complete silence, watching her intently, much like the guards had. At last, a timid voice escaped from the fillies lips: “U-um… today… I’m here… on behalf of the Rock Farm…” Marble Pie tried to speak, but found it much harder than she’d anticipated.

“Oh, my dear Marble Pie, no need to be so nervous,” Flim said, reclining further in his chair and interlacing his forehooves behind his head in a relaxed gesture. “Why don’t we start by discussing why your lovely sister didn’t come herself—why send you instead?”

“Ah… well… Sister said… I’m easier to talk to… and you’d like me better…” Marble Pie stammered.

“Ho ho ho, is that so?” Flam laughed, bounding up to Marble’s side and leaning in close, as if teasing her. “Well then… what exactly does your sister wish to say to us? Could it be… a proposal of sorts? To me, Flam? Or perhaps to both of us?”

“No, no, nothing like that!” Marble Pie blushed deeply and shook her head.

Finally gathering her courage, she cleared her throat and said quietly, 
[zh.@o0]
她希望跟洛马基签订一个互不侵犯条约
[en.@o0]
"She hopes to negotiate a non‑aggression pact with Las Pegasus"
