[zh.@]
最后的婚礼
[en.@]
The Last Wedding
[zh.@desc]
森布拉感到非常幸运，在恐惧吞没他的理智之前，水晶集会已经准备好了。他将会在集会上彻底完成对希望辐光的改造，然后，他将会迎娶她，将她变成真正的皇后。而他，也将不再恐惧。
害怕失败的森布拉排练了三次，他不想在这个重要的时刻出现任何差错。他知道，这是他的最后一次机会，他不会让任何事情阻止他的计划。
终于，他做好了准备，打开了监牢的大门，将闷闷不乐的希望辐光带到了他的面前。“还记得我们的约定吗？”

两只小马就这样抵达了集会上，森布拉兴奋地向希望辐光展示那一个个他不知花费多少尸骨和鲜血构筑起的奇观，而希望辐光则一直在试着向没有去过真正水晶集会的他讲述那些她曾经参加过的集会的故事，以及他们两小时候一起玩耍的回忆。
“他还在挣扎，但这坚持不了多久的。” 希望辐光这样想着。
“她还在挣扎，但这坚持不了多久的。” 森布拉这样想着。

“最终，她会离我而去的。” 森布拉突然这样想到。
他猛地停下自顾自的解说，抬头一看，他发现希望辐光已经不在他的身边了。
“她去哪了？她去哪了？？！！你们怎么会让她跑掉的？？？！！！” 森布拉暴怒地抓起旁边卫兵的领子，但卫兵只是害怕而茫然地看着他：“陛下... 您在说什么？希望辐光不就在这里吗？”
森布拉再次环顾四周，没有看见希望辐光的身影。

“骗子！” 森布拉立即当着所有其他卫兵的面，割断了眼前这名卫兵的脖子。
这一突然的暴怒吓到了希望辐光，她扑上去抱住了森布拉：“森布拉你在干什么？我就在这里，我就在这里呀！我没有逃走！我就在这里！”

但可惜的是，恐惧已经最终消除了森布拉最后的理智。
“最终，她会离我而去的。”
现在，他的世界中，再也看不到希望辐光的身影，再也听不到她的声音了。
[en.@desc]
Sombra felt very lucky. Before the fear swallowed his sanity, the Crystal Fair was ready. He will completely transform Radiant Hope into a queen at the fair, and then he will marry her. And Sombra, will fear no more.
He was afraid of failure, so he rehearsed three times. He didn’t want any mistakes at this crucial moment. He knew that this was his last chance, and he wouldn’t let anything stop his plan.
Finally, he was ready, opened the door of the prison, and brought the gloomy Radiant Hope to him. “Do you still remember our agreement?”

The two ponies arrived at the fair. Sombra excitedly showed Radiant Hope the wonders he had built with countless bones and blood, while Radiant Hope kept trying to tell him stories of the fairs she had attended and the memories of their childhood.
“He is still struggling, but it won’t last long.” Radiant Hope thought.
“She is still struggling, but it won’t last long.” Sombra thought.

“Eventually, she will leave me.” Sombra suddenly thought.
He woke up from his narration, looked up, and found that Radiant Hope was no longer by his side.
“Where did she go? Where did she go??!! How could you let her run away???!!!” Sombra angrily grabbed the collar of the guard next to him, but the guard just looked at him in fear and confusion: “Your Majesty... What are you talking about? Radiant Hope is just standing here!”
Sombra looked around again, but did not see Radiant Hope.

“Liar!” Sombra immediately cut off the guard’s neck in front of all the other guards.
This sudden rage scared Radiant Hope, she rushed up and hugged Sombra: “Sombra, what are you doing? I am here, I am here! I didn’t run away! I am here!”

But sadly, fear had finally eliminated the last sanity of Sombra.
“Eventually, she will leave me.”
Now, in his world, he could no longer see Radiant Hope, nor hear her voice.

[zh.@o0]
“最终，她离我而去了。”
[en.@o0]
“Eventually, she left me.”
