[zh.@]
主谋
[en.@]
The Mastermind
[zh.@desc]
再次见到女皇，已经又过去了四个周，调查小组已经秘密拼凑起了一个含有上千个名字的名单，其中有坎特洛特警察、秩序部基层、甚至还有“模仿者运动”广场事件当夜下令的皇家委员会高层成员。
其实，在死亡威胁的恐惧下，小组只花了一个多周就凑齐了名单。但是小组长听说女皇一直没有处理政务，还有传言说女皇夜夜在皇宫内哭泣，有传言说听到和煦大喊着“全都去死！”，所以便一直等到女皇的心情稍微有些好转，才敢上前汇报。
与此同时，调查的风声也早就泄露，死者的真实身份震惊了整个帝国政界。整个坎特洛特政府上下高度紧张，不少自以为无法逃开干系的中高层官员都已经安排好了出国路线。

在花园中散步的女皇认认真真翻阅完了小组长提供的花名册，小组长原以为会等到女皇“立即全部处决”的命令，却没想到等来了一个问题：
“你提供的名单上列了这么多凶手，为什么没有把主谋列进去？”

那一刻，小组长感到自己浑身血液都凝固了。调查组漏掉了什么关键信息？和煦女皇已经给知道了主谋，而调查组调查了四五个周居然不知道！小组长的眼前已经开始了走马灯，完了，全完了，整个调查组全完了。
但他还是强行让自己镇定下来，他的大脑开始飞速思考。小心翼翼地，他试探着问道：“主谋... 女皇陛下，您是说，‘模仿者运动’的参与者，和背后煽动的那些可恶的抵抗组织吗？请您放心，我们这就去安排重新调查，绝对不放过每一个——”

和煦光流摇了摇头，叹了一口气。
“是我啊，是我。”
[en.@desc]
When the sergent met the Empress again, it had been another four weeks. The investigation team had secretly pieced together a list containing thousands of names, including Canterlot police officers, EEMO grassroots, and even the senior members of the Royal Commission who was directly involved in the “Imitator Movement” square incident that night.
In fact, under the fear of death threats, the investigation team only took more than a week to complete the list. But the sergent heard that the Empress had not been handling government affairs, there were rumors that the Empress was crying every night in the palace, and other rumors that she heard Cozy shouting “Kill them all!”, so he waited until the Empress’s mood improved slightly before daring to report.
At the same time, the news of the investigation had long been leaked, and the true identity of the deceased shocked the entire empire’s political society. The entire Canterlot government was highly nervous, and many mid-level to high-level officials who thought themselves involved had already arranged routes to leave the country.

The Empress, who was walking in the garden, carefully read the list provided by the sergent. The sergent thought he would wait for the Empress’s order to “execute them all immediately”, but he did not expect to receive a question:
“Why didn’t you list the mastermind on the list of so many murderers?”

At that very moment, the sergent felt all his blood frozen. What did our investigation miss? Empress Cozy Glow is aware of the mastermind, but after four to five weeks of investigation, we missed? The sergent started to have flashbacks about his lives, imagining his last minutes of life. It’s the end. We f**ked up. The entire investigation team is done.
Still, the sergent managed to calm himself down and quickly started thinking. Carefully, he asked tentatively, “The mastermind... are you referring to the participants of the ‘Imitator Movement’ and those despicable resistance organizations behind them? Then please rest assured, we will arrange a re-investigation immediately, and we will not let go of any —”

Empress Cozy Glow shook her head and sighed.
“It was me. It was me.”
[zh.@o0]
嗯？
[en.@o0]
What?
