[zh.@]
谐律主义教育
[en.@]
Harmonism Education

[zh.@desc]
层云堡餐馆的午后，火药桶正躺在角落里的长椅上打着呼噜，《友谊日记·注解版》打开着扣在他的身上，旁边还摆着似乎是一瓶红酒。

结束了中午的生意，与雾轨一起收拾好了后厨，破空走向了火药桶，用翅膀尖戳了戳他。被惊醒的红色飞马差点从长椅上滚下来。《友谊日记》也掉在地上，才翻到了第三页，里面夹着另外一本书，上面都是些扑克牌、魔术道具之类的内容。

“你往友谊教材里夹私货？” 破空挑起眉毛，用翅膀把书翻到扉页，《伟大而又全能的特丽克西教你20个生活中的魔术技巧》几个烫金字在阳光下闪闪发亮。 “你怎么还学起魔术来了？宁可学这个也不学友谊？”

睡眼惺忪的火药桶刚想要发脾气，却做了一次深呼吸，“才不是！让我读《友谊日记》不就是为了治我的暴脾气吗？我看《魔术技巧》控制情绪的方法更实用！”

破空看到没有发脾气的火药桶似乎也有些惊喜，但还是像一名真正的老师一样劝诫道：“也不全是，谐律的思想还包括许多其他的方面，比如宽容、理解、尊重、帮助朋友... 这些都是你需要学习的。” 破空看了看火药桶，看他有些不满但又没有发作的样子，也许是为了钱？还是他的脾气真的有所改善？

“道理我都懂，但是为什么要学这么旧的《友谊日记》，坎特洛特不是都发表了新版本的谐律思想了吗？为什么不学新的？” 火药桶正不耐烦地嘀咕着，看到破空的脸色越来越阴沉，他赶紧补充，“... 额... 我是说，你们让我学旧的那就学嘛，我又没说不学！倒是你，也该读读《魔术技巧》来控制一下你的脾气了！” 随后带着他的《友谊日记》、《魔术技巧》与红酒离开了餐馆，留下不知道说什么好的破空。

[en.@desc]
In the afternoon of the Stratusburg Diner, Short Fuse was lying on the bench in the corner, snoring, with an opened book — Friendship Diary: Annotated Edition — on him, and a bottle of seemingly red wine beside him.

After finishing the lunch business and cleaning up the kitchen with Vapor Trail, Sky Stinger walked towards Short Fuse and poked him with the tip of his wing. The red pegasus, who was startled awake, almost rolled off the bench. The Friendship Diary also fell to the ground, only flipping to the third page, with another book sandwiched inside, displaying illustrations of poker cards and magic props.

“What are you actually reading instead of friendship materials?” Sky Stinger raised an eyebrow, flipping the book to the title page with his wing. The golden letters of “20 Magic Tricks in Daily Life Taught by the Great and Powerful Trixie” sparkled under the sunlight. “Magic tricks? You’d rather learn this than friendship?”

Short Fuse, who was still half-asleep, was about to get angry, but he took a deep breath instead. “That’s not true! Isn’t reading Friendship Diary supposed to help me control my temper? I think the methods of managing emotions in Magic Tricks are more practical!”

Seeing that Short Fuse controlled his temper, Sky Stinger seemed a bit surprised, but he still advised like a real teacher, “Not entirely. Harmonism also includes many other aspects, such as tolerance, understanding, respect, helping friends... These are all things you need to learn.” Sky Stinger looked at Short Fuse, who seemed a bit dissatisfied but didn’t lose his temper. Was it for money? Or did his temper really improve?

“I understand the principles, but why do I have to read this old Friendship Diary? Canterlot has already published a new version of Harmonism, right? Why not learn the new one?” Short Fuse grumbled impatiently. Seeing Sky Stinger’s face getting more and more gloomy, he quickly added, “...em... I mean, if you just want me to learn the old one, I’ll just do it them. I didn’t refuse... Maybe you are the one who really should read Magic Tricks to control your temper!” Then he left the diner with his Friendship Diary, Magic Tricks, and red wine, leaving Sky Stinger at a loss for words.

[zh.@o0]
总之他有在学了
[en.@o0]
He’s learning anyway
