[zh.@]
雾轨的分析 · 上
[en.@]
Vapor Trail’s Analysis · I
[zh.@desc]
就在破空即将依据火药桶的口供重启对帝国的宣战计划时，雾轨拉住了他：“破空，你仔细想一想。”
看着一脸疑惑的破空，雾轨叹了口气：“之前都说过多少次了，让你少读一些《友谊日记》，多读一读和煦光流和坎特洛特的那些书。他们的思想虽然不正确，但他们的政治智慧显然比那暮光公主那童话般的故事对我们生存有帮助得多——”
破空的脸色立即阴沉下来，非常没好气地看着雾轨。“你到底想说什么？”
雾轨见状也识趣地立即停止了对暮光公主著作的妄言，转而重新拿起火药桶的口供：“如果火药桶真的是帝国派来的，为什么他没有在当晚就逃回帝国，而是在第二天前来自首？帝国又怎么会允许？”
破空张口想要反驳，却一时语塞，也沉思起来。见状，雾轨继续慢慢说道：“我认为，火药桶更有可能是‘淘汰者’派来的，刺杀喷火，然后嫁祸帝国，目的就是让我们与帝国起冲突。乘风不是我们的盟友，他很可能已经将计划泄露给了‘淘汰者’，从而给了‘淘汰者’一个机会。”
破空听完后的疑问不减反增：“淘汰者？闪尘不是和帝国一伙的吗？而且我们本就要和帝国开战，为什么还要多此一举？”
雾轨摇了摇头，叹了口气。

[en.@desc]
As Sky Stinger was about to restart the declaration of war against the Empire based on the testimony of Short Fuse, Vapor Trail stopped him: “Sky Stinger, double-check this.”
Seeing Sky Stinger’s puzzled expression, Vapor Trail sighed: “How many times have I told you to read less of the ‘Friendship Diary’ and read more of the books by Cozy Glow and Canterlot? Their ideas may not be correct, but their political wisdom is obviously more helpful for our survival than that fairy tale-like story by Princess Twi —”
Sky Stinger’s expression immediately darkened, and he looked at Vapor Trail with annoyance. “What’s your point?”
Vapor Trail, realizing the situation, immediately stopped her subjective nonsense about Princess Twilight’s masterpiece and picked up Short Fuse’s testimony again: “If Short Fuse was really sent by the Empire, why didn’t he escape back to the Empire that night but instead came to confess the next day? How could the Empire allow that?”
Sky Stinger opened his mouth to object but found no rebuttal, falling into thought instead. Seizing the moment, Vapor Trail continued deliberately: "I believe Short Fuse was more likely sent by the ‘Washouts’, to assassinate Spitfire and then blame it on the Empire. Their goal was to set us against the Empire. Wind Rider is not our ally; he may have leaked the plan to the ‘Washouts’, giving them an opportunity.”
Sky Stinger’s confusion only deepened: “The Washouts? Isn’t the Washouts in cahoots with the Empire? Besides, we were going to go to war with the Empire anyway. Why go through all this trouble?”
Vapor Trail shook her head and sighed.

[zh.@o0]
“你还是没明白”
[en.@o0]
“You still don’t get it.”

