[zh.@]
小马教协修撰新版指南与管理条例
[en.@]
EEA Introduces New Amendment to Guidebook & Regulations
[en.@desc]
The Equestria Education Association (EEA) has unveiled a brand new amendment to their guidebook and regulations, which hasn’t been updated since the reign of Celestia.
This amendment, ordered by the illustrious Empress Cozy Glow and composed by Chancellor Neighsay, seeks to bring a sense of solemnity and reverence to the education system.
The amendment emphasizes the importance of honoring Empress Cozy Glow in every classroom activity. From the mandatory recitation of her glorious achievements to the compulsory inclusion of her charming portrait in every textbook, the EEA is sparing no effort in ensuring that Cozy Glow’s greatness is etched into the minds of every young pony.
Furthermore, the amendment is also stricter than ever, it’s sternness rivals that of a drill sergeant with a headache. It introduces a plethora of new regulations, ensuring that any hint of non-harmonic thought is swiftly squashed like a bug under a hoof.
While the EEA insists that this amendment is merely meant to foster a sense of unity and devotion to the Empire, speculations are, that Chancellor Neighsay is using this amendment as a greasy pole to climb up the political ladder. Shortly after the announcement of the amendment, Chancellor Neighsay was promoted to the position of Grand Chancellor —— a position newly created by Empress Cozy Glow.
Only time will tell how this amendment will shape the future of Equestria’s education system. Will it be a shining beacon of enlightenment or a dark cloud of conformity? One thing is for sure: the Empire expects every pony to do their duty and honor Empress Cozy Glow, whether they like it or not.
[zh.@desc]
小马利亚教育协会（Equestria Education Association, EEA）刚刚公布了一项崭新的修正案，这是自塞拉斯蒂娅统治时代以来该协会首次更新指南与管理条例。
这项修正案由杰出的小马利亚女皇和煦光流下令，由小马利亚教育协会主席驹绝会长撰写，旨在为教育系统带来庄严和敬畏的氛围。
该修正案强调了在每一项课堂活动中都要尊崇女皇和煦光流的重要性。从强制背诵她的光辉成就到强制在每一本教科书中都包含她迷人的画像，小马利亚教育协会正在不遗余力地确保女皇和煦光流的伟大被铭刻在每一个小马的脑海中。
此外，该修正案也比以往任何时候都更加严格，其严厉程度堪比一位头痛的军官。修正案引入了大量新的管理条例，确保任何不和谐思想的迹象都会像蹄下的虫子一样被迅速扼杀。
虽然小马利亚教育协会坚称这项修正案只是为了培养帝国的统一和奉献精神，但有的小马猜测驹绝会长正在利用这项修正案来攀上政治阶梯。在修正案公布后不久，驹绝会长被提升为大会长——一个由女皇和煦光流新设立的职位。
只有时间才能告诉我们这项修正案将如何塑造小马利亚的教育系统的未来。它会是一盏闪耀的启蒙之灯，还是一片黑暗的同化之云？有一件事是肯定的：帝国期望每一只小马都尽自己的职责，尊崇女皇和煦光流，不管他们喜欢与否。
[zh.@o0]
这报道的最后两段是谁写的？
[en.@o0]
Who wrote the last two paragraphs of this article?
[zh.@o1]
额...
[en.@o1]
Emm...
