[zh.@]
伟大又全能...？
[en.@]
Great and Powerful...?
[zh.@desc]
夜晚的市政厅前马头攒动，无数小马在市政厅前等待着公爵殿下，伟大又全能的特丽克西女士，进行她在魔术界复出的第一次公开表演。
当然，下面的观众中也不全是她的粉丝，还有小马谷政府的员工，帝国的使者和间谍，想要与公爵谈生意的外国商队，以及等着看她笑话的政治对手。

随着灯光突然熄灭，特丽克西的声音响起，她的声音在黑暗中回荡，仿佛是从另一个世界传来的。
“欢迎，小马谷的朋友们，我是伟大又全能的特丽克西。今晚，我不会接听你们的投诉电话，也不对你们发号施令。今晚，我只是一个魔术师。”
随后，彩色灯光上下飞舞，礼炮声响彻夜空，火焰喷射宛如白昼，特丽克西的表演开始了。从纸牌魔术，到变兔子，再到切马魔术，赢得了阵阵鼓蹄声和欢呼声。
到了压轴节目的时间，特丽克西为本次表演全新设计的魔术——密箱逃脱读心术。她随机抽取了一名幸运观众——天琴。天琴将特丽克西锁在箱子内，并和观众们互动选择一组数字，随后特丽克西将从层层封锁的箱子中逃脱，并猜出观众们选择的数字。这对特丽克西来说易如反掌——因为天琴是她提前请好的“托”。

一切进行的非常顺利，特丽克西准确地大声念出了天琴和观众们选择的数字，在雷鸣般的欢呼声中谢幕。而就在谢幕的那一刻，也许是天琴的配合太过完美，让特丽克西想起了之前合作的某只小马，她差点大声地念了出来：“也要感谢这位上台配合演出的幸运观众，星g——”
那一瞬间她完全凝固住了，全身冒汗，她的眼睛瞪得大大的，似乎在寻找观众中的帝国间谍。她强装镇定，“——兴高采烈的天琴女士！也谢谢各位观众！感谢...”特丽克西已经想不清楚自己在说什么了，慌慌张张地谢幕准备下台，而在这慌乱中她又不小心踩到了自己的魔术袍，绊倒在地上。她的魔术帽掉落，从里面掉出了一张小纸条——天琴偷偷递给她的写着那串数字的纸条，被第一排的观众看得清清楚楚。
[en.@desc]
The square in front of the town hall was crowded with ponies, waiting for the Duchess, the Great and Powerful Trixie, to perform her first public magic show since her return to the magic world.
Of course, not all of the audience were her fans. There were also the employees of the Ponyville government, the envoys and spies of the Empire, foreign merchants who wanted to do business with the Duchess, and political opponents who were waiting to see her make a fool of herself.

As the lights suddenly went out, Trixie’s voice rang out, echoing in the darkness as if it had come from another world.
“Welcome! My friends of Ponyville, I am the Great and Powerful Trixie. Tonight, I will not be answering your complaints on the phone, nor will I be giving you orders. Tonight, I am just a magician.”
Then, the colored lights danced up and down, the sound of fireworks echoed through the night sky, and flames shot up as if it were daytime. Trixie’s performance began. From card tricks, to pulling rabbits out of hats, to sawing ponies in half, she won rounds of applause and cheers.
When it was time for the grand finale, Trixie performed a brand new magic trick she had designed for this show - the Mind-Reading Escape from the Box. She randomly selected a lucky audience member - Lyra. Lyra locked Trixie in the box and interacted with the audience to choose a set of numbers. Then Trixie would escape from the box, which was locked layer by layer, and guess the numbers chosen by the audience. This was a piece of cake for Trixie - because Lyra was her “secret helper” she had arranged in advance.

Everything went very smoothly. Trixie accurately read out the numbers chosen by Lyra and the audience, and took her bow amidst thunderous applause. And just as she was about to take her bow, perhaps Lyra’s cooperation was too perfect, Trixie was reminded of a certain pony she had worked with before, and she almost read it out loud: “And thanks to this lucky audience member who came up to help with the show, Sta——”
At that moment, she froze completely, sweating all over, her eyes wide open, as if looking for the Empire spy among the audience. She forced herself to calm down, “——standing next to me, Miss Lyra! Thank you to all the audience! Thank you...” Trixie couldn’t think clearly about what she was saying anymore, and hurriedly took her bow to prepare to leave the stage. In the midst of the confusion, she accidentally tripped over her magic robe and fell to the ground. Her magic hat fell off, and a small piece of paper fell out of it - the note Lyra had secretly passed to her with the numbers written on it, which was clearly seen by the audience in the front row.
[zh.@o0]
搞砸了
[en.@o0]
Really messed up