[zh.@]
旧事新编
[en.@]
The Sequel
[zh.@desc]
平等镇的气象与小马谷很是不同，和风走在街上，他看到陆马、天马、独角兽有说有笑走在一起，而不是几只陆马聚在一起霸凌一只独角兽。天气也没有小马谷冷，这里的天上竟然多数都是晴天，而不是天天下雪。更重要的是，这里见不到帝国的小马。

和风回忆起许多年前的小马谷，那时暮光公主还生活在那，和煦光流连在哪玩泥巴都不知道，三族也没有什么矛盾，在小马谷过得好好的。真是奇怪！星光熠熠和特丽克西那是居然还是好朋友，早知道那时就叫星光熠熠把特丽克西宰了...

和风周围的小马突然四散开来，他抬头一看，是该死的帝国侦察天马。这群畜生还敢飞到这？一股发自内心的怒火冲上了和风的大脑，他随便捡起一块砖头，用尽全力向其中一只天马砸去，正中了那家伙的头。那只天马被当头一击，连飞都飞不明白，还是他的同伴把他扶正，狼狈地飞回老家了。

“哇哦，精彩！你把他们打得落花流水！”和风转头，是流火在空中，拿着一把弩大喊。“有这准头，不如和我们一起，揍爆帝国那些傻瓜！怎么样？”

和风又想起了那些可恨的事：自己的苹果园、自己的家、小马谷，防暴警察...特突然想到那个特丽克西，一个小小魔术师竟敢把自己的一切毁了？想起她，和风就一阵反胃，难免带着一点怒火。

“必须的，想到帝国我就烦，咱去杀回小马谷，活捉特丽克西！”想到这，他愣了一会：“不过我要干什么呢？征兵处似乎很久没开过，快变成废墟了。”

“没有小马会想在侦察天马眼皮子底下征兵的，征兵处可是侦察天马重点关照对象。但没关系！揍帝国又不违法，只要你想，我就去和青雾说一声。不如你去我们那吧？咱还能一起出动，马多力量大。”
[en.@desc]
Our town has a very different atmosphere from Ponyville. As Wandering Wind walked down the street, he saw earth ponies, pegasi, and unicorns walking together, chatting and laughing, instead of a few earth ponies bullying a unicorn like in Ponyville. The weather here is not as cold as Ponyville, and it is mostly sunny here, instead of snowing every day. More importantly, there are no imperial ponies here.

Wandering Wind recalled Ponyville many years ago, when Princess Twilight Sparkle still lived there, when Cozy Glow was a foolish kid who knew nothing but playing with mud, when there were no conflicts among the three tribes. It was a good time in Ponyville. It’s really strange! Starlight Glimmer and Trixie Lulamoon were even good friends back then. If only he had asked Starlight Glimmer to execute Trixie Lulamoon back then...

Suddenly, ponies around him scattered. He looked up and saw the damn imperial reconnaissance pegasi. How dare these bastards fly here? A surge of anger rose from Wandering Wind’s heart. He picked up a brick and threw it with all his might at one of the pegasi, hitting him right in the head. The pegasi was hit hard and couldn’t even fly straight. His companion had to help him back home in a hilarious way.

“Wow, that was amazing! What a nice shot! You beat them up so neatly!” Wandering Wind turned around and saw Fervent Flame in the air, holding a crossbow and shouting. “With such accuracy, why not you join us and beat the hell out of those imperial fools! What do you think?”

Wandering Wind remembered those hateful things again: his apple orchard, his home, Ponyville, the riot police... Suddenly, he thought of Trixie Lulamoon. How could a little magician dare to destroy everything of his? Thinking of her, Wandering Wind felt a little nauseous and inevitably a little angry.

“Of course, I hate the empire. Let’s go back to Ponyville and capture Trixie Lulamoon alive!” He paused for a moment. “But what should I do? The conscription office seems to have been abandoned for a long time and is about to become a ruin.”

“No pony would want to conscript under the noses of the reconnaissance pegasi. The conscription office is a key target of the reconnaissance pegasi. But it doesn’t matter! Beating up the empire is not illegal. As long as you want, I’ll go tell Magenta Mist. Why not go to our place? We can go together. The more ponies, the stronger we are.”

[zh.@o0]
“没问题”
[en.@o0]
“No problem.”