[zh.@]
鲜花凋敝之处
[en.@]
Where Flowers Wither
[zh.@desc]
“谢谢您，领袖。我能理解您所做的一切。如果这就是您当初给我那枝稚马之息时所说的‘罪孽’，那我认为您不该为此受到惩罚。我们会向公众解释这一切，您应该得到无罪释放——”
还没等秋烨说完，雨晴闭上了眼，将头转过身去，似乎十分失落、痛心。
“不，我有罪。” 雨晴缓慢地说道：“我有罪，这也是为什么我必须退位的原因。”

“在几年的接触中，我曾经产生过念头 —— 如果不论我们付出多少努力，他们的家园依然被风之魔吞噬呢？当我产生这样的念头时，对面，或者说雨晴’，自然也会这样想。我们曾经一起在通道内设置了难民营，也就是如今的千界办公室，那些失踪矿工所在的地方。当年的矿难否定了一切共存的可能 —— 如果来自不同世界的相同个体，大规模出现在同一个世界，那整个世界都会在不稳定中崩溃，就像那些地震一样。于是——”
“困局中，我产生了加强军队的念头，以防止对面在被风之魔侵袭后，在绝境中选择杀死我们，抢夺我们的世界。即使我一瞬间就后悔了，我意识到，对面的雨晴*也已经产生了这样的念头。从那时起，一切就已经无法挽回了。”
“他们的权力交接时间比我们早了几个月，那时，他们的雨晴’选择了退位，让秋烨’来领导他们的社群。所以当我得知你，秋烨*的回答是‘如果这是不可避免的，我会让麒麟们拿起武器’时，我就知道了对面秋烨’的选择。在绝望中，为了他们族群的生存，他们的秋烨’会选择拿起武器。两个世界的战争已经不可避免了。”

“也就是说，对面的秋烨’已经选择了战争，所以我也必须选择战争。” 秋烨看着雨晴，突然不知所措。“如果是这样的话，为什么您不直接来告诉我呢？”
“我和雨晴’做了约定，要避免通道的存在被公众或是外界得知。我必须遵守约定，否则，她也自然会将这一切告诉她们的秋烨，那样战争只会更早到来。” 雨晴叹了一口气 “我依然还怀抱着不切实际的幻想，只要能多往后推迟一天，就能多一些拯救他们的机会。我们已经冒着千界之门暴露的风险在帮助他们研究御寒科技了，但时间还是不够。对面的秋烨’和你一样聪明，他们的调查也一样迅速。就在你们带走我的同时，千界之门已经接到了最后一条消息 —— 对面已经关闭了通道，不再回复我们的任何信息了。”

“这意味着他们开始准备那场最后的战争了。” 秋烨也低下头，小声悲叹。
[en.@desc]
“Thank you, Leader. I can understand everything you did. If this is the ‘sin’ you mentioned when you gave me the foal’s breath, then I think you shouldn’t be punished for it. We will explain everything to the public, and you should be acquitted —” Before Autumn Blaze could finish, Rain Shine closed her eyes, turned her head away, looking very disappointed and heartbroken.
“No, I am guilty.” Rain Shine said slowly, “I am guilty, and that’s why I have to abdicate.”

“In years of contact, I once had a thought — what if, no matter how much effort we put in, their homeland is still devoured by the Windigo? When I had this thought, the other side, or Rain Shine-Prime, would naturally think the same. We tried to set up a refugee camp in the tunnel, which is now the Lokadhātu Office, where the missing miners are. That earthquake killed all our hopes of coexistence — if the same individual from different worlds appears in the same world at a large scale, the whole world will collapse in instability, just like those earthquakes. So —”
“In the dilemma, I had the idea of strengthening the army to defend against the other side: if the Windigo invaded them, in desperation, they may try to kill us and seize our world. Even though I regretted it in an instant, I realized that Rain Shine-Prime had already had the same idea. From that moment on, everything was irretrievable.”
“Their transition of power was a few months earlier than ours. At that time, Rain Shine-Prime chose to abdicate and let Autumn Blaze-Prime lead their commune. So when I learned that your answer, Autumn Blaze-Asterisk, was ‘if it is inevitable, I will let the Kirins take up arms’, I knew the choice of Autumn Blaze-Prime. In despair, for the survival of their commune, their Autumn Blaze-Prime would choose to take up arms. The war between the two worlds has become inevitable.”

“You mean, Autumn Blaze-Prime has already chosen war, so I must also choose war.” Autumn Blaze looked at Rain Shine, suddenly at a loss. “If that’s the case, why didn’t you come to me and explain everything to me at the very beginning?”
“Rain Shine-Prime and I made an agreement to prevent the existence of the tunnel from being known to the public or the outside world. I must abide by the agreement, otherwise, she would naturally tell her Autumn Blaze-Prime about all this, and the war would come even earlier.” Rain Shine sighed, “I still harbor an unrealistic fantasy, that every other day I can delay, there will be more chances to save them. We have been risking the exposure of the Culanika to help them research cold protection technology, but we just don’t have enough time. The Autumn Blaze-Prime on the other side is as smart as you, and their investigation is as fast as yours. At the time you took me here, I received a final message from Culanika — the other side has closed the tunnel and no longer responds to any of our messages.”

“This means they have begun to prepare for the final war.” Autumn Blaze also lowered her head, sighing softly.

[zh.@o0]
“如果这是不可避免的，我会让麒麟们拿起武器”
[en.@o0]
‘If it is inevitable, I will let the Kirins take up arms.’
