[zh.@]
报告14-A.1b
[en.@]
Not an Isolated Case - Manehattan Slave Trade Secret Investigation Report
[zh.@desc]
主题：马哈顿奴隶贸易

以下为安全部特工关于奴隶贸易的调查报告：
·奴隶获取：乐善的黑帮使用各种各样的方法获取奴隶，包括胁迫、欺骗和武力。金币、水晶、松饼甚至是橡皮鸡都可以用来诱骗毫无戒心的受害者。
·奴隶运输：乐善的黑帮利用一系列隐藏的隧道网络、秘密通道、魔法马车、普通马车、报废马车、或者步行将奴隶从马哈顿运送到其他地方，就像一次秘密的闪电天马行动。
·奴隶剥削：乐善的黑帮将奴隶分配到马哈顿的各个行业，包括工厂、建筑工地、矿洞，甚至是像剧院、赌场和股票量化交易公司这样的高调场所（虽然我们并不理解为什么要把奴隶分配到这些地方）。
·控制和安全：乐善的黑帮已经在马哈顿的执法机构中渗透了关键职位：警察局长、副局长、局长的秘书、局长的秘书的秘书、副局长的秘书、专案组组长、普通警员、扫地大爷、和扫地大爷的狗。这使得他们能够维持多层保护伞，逃避法律的制裁。
·公众认知：黑帮通过恐惧、错误信息和精心制作的叙事来操纵公众认知。例如，针对“昨天有小马目击到三只奴隶陆马在马哈顿的街道上被押运”的传言，他们会及时辟谣：“这是纯粹的谎言，昨天无事发生，现场小马不止三只，他们也不是陆马，也不是被押运，也不是在街道上。”

预计半个月后发送下一篇报告。

署名：安全部长 双钻
[en.@desc]
Subject: Manehattan Slave Trade

The following is the Security Department special agent’s investigation report on the slave trade:
Slave Acquisition: Gladmane’s mafia employs a diverse range of methods to procure slaves, including coercion, deception, and brute force. Gold coins, crystals, muffins or even rubber chickens are all used as a trap to lure unsuspecting victims.
Slave Transportation: Gladmane’s mafia utilizes networks of hidden tunnels, secret passages, magically concealed carriages, ordinary carriages, scrap carriages, or even walking to whisk away slaves across Manehattan, like a covert Wonderbolts operation.
Slave Exploitation: Slaves acquired by Gladmane’s mafia are allocated to various industries throughout Manehattan, including factories, construction sites, mines and even high-profile establishments like theaters, casinos, and stock quantitative trading firms (although we don’t understand why slaves are allocated to these places).
Control and Security: Gladmane’s mafia has insidiously infiltrated key positions within Manehattan’s law enforcement agencies: police chief, deputy chief, chief’s secretary, chief’s secretary’s secretary, deputy chief’s secretary, head of the task force, ordinary police officers, janitors, and janitors’ dogs. This allows them to maintain layers of protection and evade legal sanctions.
Public Perception: The mafia manipulates public perception through a combination of fear, misinformation, and carefully crafted narratives. For example, in response to rumors that “three slave earth ponies were spotted being transported on the streets of Manehattan by eyewitnesses yesterday”, they would promptly refute it: “This is a pure lie. Nothing happened yesterday. There were more than three ponies at the scene, they were not earth ponies, they were not being transported, and they were not on the streets.”

The next report is expected to be sent in half a month.

Signature: Head of Security, Double Diamond
[zh.@o0]
可以证明与伪帝国有联系吗？
[en.@o0]
Can you prove that the illegal empire is involved?
[zh.@o1]
记录在案
[en.@o1]
File Archived