[zh.@]
会谈记录：安详
[en.@]
Talk Record: Composed
[zh.@desc]
安详，§2麒麟社群建设局局长§!，生于险崇峰，现于§2南都§!主持建设工作。

安详是一位非常沉稳的官员。她对调查组的到来并不感到意外，而是热情地迎接了调查组。
关于§2走私专案的详情§!，她表示自己只是建设局长，对物资的运输方面并不了解。她表示，繁花居住在险崇峰时自己经常与其交流，没有想到繁花会卷入走私案件。
谈话中，安详似乎突然想起了什么，开始反问调查组案件的详细信息，当她得知繁花与§2海蓝§!是好友时，像是茅塞顿开一般发出了一声轻微的叹息。安详曾经与海蓝、歌伶一同出演过秋烨的《歌剧魅影》，安详当时就注意到，在演出排练过程中，§2海蓝表现出对财富的渴望§!：她不停憧憬着因《歌剧魅影》成名后纸醉金迷的生活，甚至在排练间隙与音乐剧其他演员调情。海蓝任东部地区区长，相对于繁花，她的官阶更高。安详一边解释一遍回想，越说越生气，开始恳求调查组注意海蓝的行为，认为§2很可能是海蓝教唆甚至逼迫繁花参与走私案件§!。
关于§2东部地区的情况§!，安详表示，自己刚刚到达南都不久，对东部地区的情况并不是很了解，但她一定会尽自己最大的努力配合调查组。

[en.@desc]
Composed, §2Director of Kirin Commune Construction Bureau§!, born in the Peaks of Peril, now working in §2Nan Du§! to oversee construction work.

Composed is a very calm official. She did not feel surprised by the arrival of the investigation team, but instead warmly welcomed them.
Regarding §2the smuggling key case§!, she stated that she was only the director of the construction bureau and did not know much about the transportation of goods. She said that when Blossom Burst lived in the Peaks of Peril, she often communicated with her, and she did not expect Blossom Burst to be involved in the smuggling case.
During the conversation, Composed seemed to suddenly remember something and began to ask the investigation team for detailed information about the case. When she learned that Blossom Burst and §2Aquamarine§! were friends, she let out a slight sigh as if she had suddenly realized something. Composed had once starred in Autumn Blaze’s “The Phantom of the Opera” with Aquamarine and Chanteuse. At that time, Composed noticed that during the rehearsal process, §2Aquamarine showed a desire for wealth§!: she kept fantasizing about the luxurious life she would lead after becoming famous for “The Phantom of the Opera,” even flirting with other actors during breaks. Aquamarine was the District Governor of the Eastern Region, and compared to Blossom Burst, her rank was higher. Composed became angrier as she explained and recalled, and began to beg the investigation team to pay attention to Aquamarine’s behavior, believing that §2Aquamarine was likely to have instigated or even forced Blossom Burst to participate in the smuggling case§!.
Regarding §2situation in the Eastern Region§!, Composed stated that she had just arrived in Nan Du not long ago and did not know much about the situation in the Eastern Region, but she would do her best to cooperate with the investigation team.


[zh.@o0]
记录在案
[en.@o0]
File Archived
