[zh.@]
无言
[en.@]
Silence
[zh.@desc]
当那份搜索报告最终被放到和煦女皇的书桌上时，整个房间安静了足足五分钟。前来提交文件的小组长只敢呆呆的站在原地，既不敢汇报，也不敢退下，就这样静静地看着女皇。
和煦翻开了报告的第一页，“已死亡”三个醒目的红色字出现在表格的第一行。她似乎并不意外，长达数周没有得到回复的书信似乎早就已经预示了同样的结局。
“哦... 嗯... 好吧。你去安排，查出是谁。” 和煦女皇只留下了这一句短短的命令就离开了皇宫办事处，留下已经被吓得浑身是汗的小组长。

调查开始于三个周前，和煦女皇当时并没有提供细节和原因，而只提供了名字让秩序部去查... 调查小组的组长接下调查任务的时候，初看资料，是一只参加过“模仿者运动”的小马，还以为是哪个不知死活的激进抗议者惹恼了女皇，要被当做典型处理。直到仔细翻阅了相关档案，才感觉到事情好像并不简单。当他看到那张小马的照片的时候，他的心里一阵发寒。

经过三个周的调查，小组长跑遍了秩序部基层和坎特洛特警察局的几乎每一个办公室，问话了每一名下属和警员，才最终将那个恐怖的真相还原。而如今，该怎么处理呢？
“查出是谁。” 这一句轻飘飘的命令，可能是我们中的每一个。但面对如此重大的事故，如果我们不能查出所有相关者，那么替死鬼可能是整个调查小组。

所以，小组长的选择只剩下了一个——
[en.@desc]
When the search report was finally placed on the Empress’s desk, the entire room fell silent for five long minutes. The sergent who submitted the file stood there dumbfounded, neither daring to report nor to leave, just staring at the Empress in complete silence.
The Empress opened the first page of the report, where the word “Dead” were written in bold red letters. She seemed unsurprised, as the lack of response to her letters for weeks had already hinted at the same outcome.
“Oh... OK... Alright. You go and find out who did this.” The Empress left the office with only this short command, leaving the sergent drenched in sweat.

The investigation began three weeks ago, with the Empress providing no details or reasons, only a single name is provided for the EEMO to investigate... When the sergent in charge of the investigation first looked at the file, he thought it was just another radical protester among the “Imitators” who had crossed the line and was to be made an example of. It was only after going through the files that he realized that things were not as simple as they assumed. When he saw the photo of the pony in question, he felt a chill run down his spine.

After three weeks of investigation, the sergent had visited almost every office in the EEMO and the Canterlot Police Department, questioning every subordinate and officer, before finally piecing together the terrifying truth. And now, what should be done?
“Find out who did this.” This seemingly light command could be the end of us all. But in the face of such a major incident, if we cannot find all those involved, then the scapegoat could be the entire investigation team.

So, the sergent has only one option left —
[zh.@o0]
宁可错杀，不可放过！
[en.@o0]
Better kill all than let the guilty escape!
