[zh.@]
后台通行 · 上
[en.@]
Backstage Pass · I

[zh.@desc]
在淘汰者巡回演出的当天，喷火也带着一队层云堡领导小马来到了演出现场，坐在了观众席的最前排。
表面上，喷火作为帝国任命的自治领领主，在以“欢庆新元年”为名义的巡回演出中必然要积极出席；实际上，喷火是来看笑话的。不出喷火的预料，层云堡的居民保持了团结：除了喷火带来的成员，没有一位层云堡居民出席了这次演出 —— 这意味着闪尘他们大概是赚不到门票钱了，更别说收回他们自费搭建的表演场地的成本了。

随着绿色的火焰被突然点燃，淘汰者的演出也开始了。闪尘带着滚雷与火药桶，出现在了舞台的中央。闪尘似乎也对此次演出的空座率并不意外，反而微笑着对前排的喷火一行鞠了一躬，便对着几乎空空如也的观众席开始了他们的特技表演。
在火圈、电锯、烟花与毒雾中，闪尘与滚雷辗转腾飞着，火药桶则在向他们投掷飞镖与爆炸马芬。对于他们来说，这是一个刺激的时刻，并不是因为表演 —— 而是因为藏在终点绿色火炬后的两把蹄铳。

闪尘一边飞行，一边不时用余光盯着喷火：她看到喷火仍坐在那里观看着表演，似乎还在享受着这场演出。“在你生命的最后时刻，好好欣赏被你开除的学员们的英姿吧。这些表演，都将是你余下不多的此生永远达不到的高度。” 闪尘心中窃喜道，与滚雷一起向终点的火炬飞去。

[en.@desc]
On the day of the Washouts’ tour, Spitfire arrived at the venue with a group of Stratusburg leaders, sitting in the front row of the audience.
On the surface, Spitfire, as the appointed lord of the autonomous territory of the Empire, must actively attend the tour under the name of “Celebrating Jahr Null”; in fact, Spitfire came to watch the show. As expected by Spitfire, the residents of Stratusburg remained united: except for the members brought by Spitfire, no resident of Stratusburg attended the show —— which means that Lightning Dust and the others probably couldn’t get any ticket money, let alone recover the cost of the performance venue they built at their own expense.

As the green torches were suddenly ignited, the Washouts’ performance began. Lightning Dust appeared in the center of the stage with Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse. Lightning Dust seemed not surprised by the empty seats, but instead smiled and bowed to Spitfire’s crowd in the front row, and then began their stunt performance in the almost empty audience seats.
Between the fire rings, electric saws, fireworks, and poison fog, Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder flew and rolled, while Short Fuse threw darts and exploding muffins at them. For them, this was an exciting moment, not because of the performance —— but because of the two hoofguns hidden behind the green torch at the finish line.

As lightning Dust flew, she occasionally glanced at Spitfire with the corner of her eye: she saw Spitfire still sitting there watching the show, seemingly enjoying the performance. “At the last moment of your life, enjoy the heroic posture of the students you expelled. These performances will be standards you will never reach in your remaining life.” Lightning Dust thought with joy in her heart, flying with Rolling Thunder towards the green torch fire at the end.

[zh.@o0]
最后的直道冲刺
[en.@o0]
The final sprint comes
