[zh.@]
教廷末日
[en.@]
Fall of the Cult

[zh.@desc]
密教廷门口，几十只披灰色的斗篷的半人马使用黑魔法防御着逆麟一波又一波的冲击，越来越多的半人马倒下，在老者的命令下，他们进入教廷内，封锁了大门。很快，炮火和魔法弹又倾斜在教廷的墙壁和彩色玻璃窗户上，击碎了屋顶上那些大理石半人马雕像。
教廷内，老者僧达克摘下了他的斗篷，将法杖重重地杵在地上，法阵很快覆盖了教堂的每一个角落。只要引导完成，教廷内的半人马都将与他传送到港口，在那里，他已经协调安排了几艘船只，彻底远离这里。很显然，麒麟族的突然袭击出乎了僧达克的预料，即使早有准备，自从战争开始以来僧达克和他的近卫信徒一直在被麒麟与逆麟军队追赶，直到现在才终于有机会获得片刻的平静，进行传送法术引导。
即使不是提雷克的对手，僧达克对自己的黑魔法力量还是有信心的。那些逆麟没有能力突破他用黑魔法守护的教廷，但此时此刻，僧达克面色阴沉，似乎已经预感到了什么灾难。虽然教廷的半人马个个都接受过僧达克的黑魔法教学，但没有一个有资格称得上是僧达克的“学徒”。自从提雷克背叛他之后，他就再也没有培养过任何学徒，直到他来到这里 ——
一发紫黑色的火焰光束击穿了教堂的正门，点燃了路径上的一切，直直射向即将完成引导的僧达克。光束打偏了一些，擦着僧达克的肩膀，烧掉了他的斗篷，但他手中的法杖已经碎成了三段，法阵也随之破碎。僧达克直到，此时此刻，能击穿僧达克的黑魔法护盾的，只有一种力量。僧达克睁开眼，抬起头，看到了已在火焰中支离破碎的教廷木门和门口的身影。
“所以，最终你也要和他一样么？秋烨。”
[en.@desc]
At the gate of the Church, dozens of centaurs in gray cloaks are using black magic to defend against the waves of attacks from the Niriks. More and more centaurs are falling, and under the command of an elder centaur, they enter the Church and seal the gate. Soon, cannon fire and magic missiles are raining down on the walls and stained glass windows of the Church, shattering the marble centaur statues on the roof.
Inside the Church, the elder Sendak takes off his cloak and slams his staff heavily on the ground, and a magic circle quickly covers every corner of the Church. Once the enchantment is complete, all the centaurs inside the Church will be teleported to the port, where he has arranged several ships to take them far away from here. Obviously, the sudden attack by the Kirin commune caught Sendak off guard. Even though he was prepared, Sendak and his guards have been chased by the Kirin and Nirik armies since the war began, and now they finally have a moment of calm to cast the teleportation spell.
Although he is no match for Tirek, Sendak is confident in his black magic power. The Niriks won’t be able to break through the Church protected by his black magic. However, at this very moment, Sendak looks grim, as if he has already sensed some disaster. Although all the centaurs in the Church have received Sendak’s black magic teachings, none of them are qualified to be called Sendak’s “protégé”. Since Tirek betrayed him, he has not trained any protégés until he came here ——
A beam of purple-black flame pierced through the main gate of the Church, igniting everything in its path and heading straight for Sendak, who was about to complete the teleportation. The beam was slightly off target, grazing Sendak’s shoulder and burning his cloak. His staff was shattered into three pieces, and the magic circle was broken. Sendak knew that at this moment, only one possess the power to break through his black magic shield. Sendak opened his eyes, raised his head, and saw the figure at the gate of the Church, where the wooden door has already shattered by the flames.
“So, in the end, you are going to be like him too? Autumn Blaze.”

[zh.@o0]
我别无选择
[en.@o0]
I have no choice
