[zh.@]
安详的审判
[en.@]
Composed’s Trial
[zh.@desc]
最终，“繁花案”的幕后主使 —— 安详，被送上了法庭。从她在接受调查组问话时就已经有了端倪，她做好了调查组谈话的准备，假装不经意间提起海蓝，将整个调查组的注意力引向了海蓝。
让安详最终暴露的证据恰恰是她最后时刻寄出的那张照片：安详就是“旁遮普”。在与雨晴谈话过后，调查组才得知，繁花家中有一位妹妹，所以即使照片真实，照片的内容其实是繁花和她的妹妹而非海蓝。更重要的是，安详偷拍了这张照片，反而证明了身为“旁遮普”的她，曾亲自出现在狭关。
在审讯中，安详的心理防线崩溃了，她哭着向调查组承认，自己诬陷了海蓝。自从出演《歌剧魅影》之后，安详就对演员歌伶抱有好感，但歌伶却对她不闻不问转而与海蓝交往，安详因此心生嫉妒，便在得知“繁花案”开始调查时心生邪念。不过，即使她承认了诬陷海蓝，她也坚称自己并没参与走私案，也没有拍摄那张照片。安详称自己从未去过狭关，也是同样在匿名邮件中收到了这张照片，只不过自己加了那行子。另外，她从不知道繁花有一个妹妹。
最终，法庭判决安详有罪，处以终身监禁，关押于险崇峰监狱。安详、海蓝与歌伶的三角恋，成为了全国热议的话题。但对此，海蓝表示惋惜，同时她希望媒体不要再对此事进行报道，以免伤害到与此事完全无关的歌伶。

[en.@desc]
At the very end, the mastermind behind the “Blossom Case” — Composed, was brought to court. There were already clues from when she was questioned by the investigation team, she was prepared for the investigation team’s questions, pretended to casually mention Aquamarine, and diverted the entire investigation team’s attention to Aquamarine.
The evidence that ultimately exposed Composed was the photo she sent out in the final moments: Composed was “Punjab”. After talking with Rain Shine, the investigation team learned that Blossom Burst had a sister at home, so even if the photo was real, the content of the photo was actually Blossom Burst and her sister, not Aquamarine. More importantly, Composed took this photo secretly, which became evidence that she, as “Punjab”, had appeared in Narrow Gate.
During the interrogation, Composed’s psychological defense collapsed, and she tearfully admitted to the investigation team that she had framed Aquamarine. Since starring in “The Phantom of the Opera”, Composed had a crush on the actress Chanteuse, but Chanteuse ignored her and started dating Aquamarine instead, which made Composed jealous. When she learned that the “Blossom Case” was investigation was just beginning, she had evil thoughts. However, even though she admitted to framing Aquamarine, she also insisted that she did not participate in the smuggling case or take the photo. Composed claimed that she had never been to Narrow Gate, and she received the photo in an anonymous email, only the line was added by herself. In addition, she never knew that Blossom Burst had a sister.
In the end, the court ruled Composed guilty and sentenced her to life imprisonment, to be held in the Peaks of Peril Prison. The triangle relationship between Composed, Aquamarine, and Chanteuse became a hot topic of discussion nationwide. However, Aquamarine expressed regret over this, and she hoped that the media would stop reporting on this matter to avoid harming Chanteuse, who had nothing to do with this.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay