[zh.@]
寻找石青派
[en.@]
Search for Limestone
[zh.@desc]
当苹果鲁萨宣布脱离大洛克维尔时，整个国家的士兵似乎都没有收到来自石青派的命令，或许没有小马愿意看到俩家族之间的内战，不过，越来越多的苹果派家族成员在此过程中加入了小萍花对俩姐妹城堡的进军，他们只是希望石青派能给一个说法，对她之前所有行为的一个合理的解释，但是什么也没有，俩姐妹城堡一片死寂。现在，小萍花再次漫步在俩姐妹城堡的大厅中，她还记得之前她被石青派邀请来此参加宴会的那天，只不过这次，随行的都是全副武装的士兵而不是衣着华贵的访客。夺取俩姐妹城堡的过程没有再发生什么流血事件，这也得益于俩姐妹城堡离苹果鲁萨的距离也着实不远，许多士兵在苹果鲁萨的军队到访前就已经四散而逃了，而大部分士兵看见后也乖乖的向他们投降。小萍花带着忐忑的心理推开石青派办公室的门，但她只能在这个空荡的房间内找到满地狼藉。

玉琪派害怕的躲在城堡的一角，不过当她被士兵们搜出来时，没有小马太难为她，小萍花只是希望她能透露石青派的下落，但玉琪派对此只是一个劲的摇头，连她也不知道吗？不过眼下的当务之急是处理石青派留下的烂摊子，家族成员们召开了一个简要的家族会议，小萍花被推举为临时的新领袖，并由她负责政务的处理。大部分城堡内的政客很快就官复原职，只是将军们还没小马知道该怎么处理，于是小萍花让他们先都回家了，就算这些将军想去投奔不知所踪的石青派，小萍花也“悉听尊便”。虽然之前在石青派那里没有学到太多，不过小萍花仍然尝试处理着这几天堆积如山的事情。除了石青派的下落，小萍花最关心的还有能否得到小马利亚的支持，非法侵占的土地正在商讨该如何被返还，前线的士兵们终于可以放下蹄中的武器。
[en.@desc]
When Appaloosa declared its separation from Greater Rockville, it seemed that none of the soldiers across the country had received any orders from Limestone Pie. Perhaps no pony wished to witness a civil war between the two families. However, more and more members of the Apple family joined Apple Bloom’s march toward the Two Sisters’ Castle.

They only hoped that Limestone Pie could give them an explanation — a reasonable answer for all her past actions. But there was nothing. The castle of the two sisters was utterly silent.

Now, Apple Bloom once again walked through the halls of the Two Sisters’ Castle. She remembered the day she had once been invited here by Limestone Pie to attend a banquet. Only this time, her company was not elegantly dressed guests, but fully armed soldiers.

The takeover of the castle caused little bloodshed — partly because of its proximity to Appaloosa. Many soldiers had already scattered before the army arrived, and most of those who remained surrendered without resistance.

Apple Bloom nervously pushed open the door to Limestone Pie’s office, but inside she found only an empty, ransacked room.

Marble Pie was hiding fearfully in one corner of the castle. When the soldiers found her, nopony treated her harshly. Apple Bloom only hoped Yuki could tell her where Limestone Pie had gone, but Yuki just kept shaking her head. Did even she not know?

For now, the urgent matter was dealing with the chaos Limestone Pie had left behind. The family members held a brief council, where Apple Bloom was appointed as the temporary new leader and charged with managing the government affairs.

Most of the castle’s officials soon returned to their posts, but as for the generals, nopony quite knew what to do with them. Apple Bloom simply sent them home — if any of them wished to follow the vanished Limestone Pie, she would “let them be.”

Though she hadn’t learned much from Limestone Pie before, Apple Bloom still tried her best to handle the mountain of work that had piled up over the past few days.

Besides Limestone Pie’s whereabouts, what concerned her most was whether she could gain support from Equestria. Negotiations had begun over the return of the unlawfully occupied lands, and at long last, the soldiers on the front lines could finally lay down their weapons.

[zh.@o0]
她会在哪里呢
[en.@o0]
Where is she?


