[zh.@]
狮鹫的荣耀
[en.@]
Griffon’s Glory
[zh.@desc]
走入主会场，正中央便是一个极尽奢华的展台：在那金色底座上铺着红色羽绒，所有的灯光聚焦在那里，将其他所有的东西都映衬得黯淡无光。在那宽大的金台上，仅在中央摆放着一尊渺小的金像，展示着一只狮鹫的翅膀环绕着一枚光滑的红宝石。
此刻，所有参观者才终于明白了提雷克举办这场盛会的真正原因：他凭借着如山般巨硕的体型，在狮鹫王国的深渊中，打捞起了曾经因独眼巨人袭击而沉入深渊的狮鹫的荣耀——博瑞斯金像，并以此彰显其对狮鹫王国的永恒统治。
众所周知，狮鹫王国将博瑞斯金像视作其最珍贵的宝物、国家的图腾，持有金像者将自动成为狮鹫王国的统治者，狮鹫们将无条件服从其命令。在金像坠落深渊后，狮鹫们花费了数十年尝试适应这一变故，他们尝试用友谊与开放来取代金像的权威，但这一切都无法填补他们心中的空虚。随后是战争、失败、与奴役，正当对半人马残暴统治的反抗即将成为他们生活中新的支柱之时，博瑞斯金像重见光明。他们从未想过，如今，将他们视作奴隶的外来者半人马，将成为他们的救赎者，同时成为他们永远无法摆脱的噩梦。
[en.@desc]
As you enter the main venue, you see a luxurious display in the center: a golden pedestal covered with red feathers, with all the lights focused on it, making everything else look dim. On the large golden pedestal, there is only a small golden idol in the center, showing a griffon’s wings surrounding a smooth ruby.
At this moment, all the visitors finally understand the real reason why Tirek is holding this Greate Exhibition: the Idol of Bores, which had sunk into the abyss due to the attack of the Cyclops. With his huge body like a mountain, Tirek salvaged the griffon’s glory from the abyss, claiming his eternal rule over the Griffon Kingdom.
It is well known that the Griffon Kingdom regards the Idol of Bores as the most precious treasure and the national totem. The holder of the idol will automatically become the ruler of the Griffon Kingdom, and the griffons will unconditionally obey his orders. After the idol fell into the abyss, the griffons spent decades trying to adapt to this change. They tried to replace the authority of the idol with friendship and openness, but all this could not fill the void in their hearts. Then came war, then came defeat, and then came enslavement. Just as the resistance against the brutal tyranny of the centaurs was about to become the new pillar of their lives, the Idol of Bores now reappeared. They never thought that the centaurs, outsiders who treat griffons as slaves, would become their redeemers, as well as the nightmare they could never escape.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
