[zh.@]
可疑的合作
[en.@]
Suspicious Cooperation
[zh.@desc]
翌日，僧达克刚刚踏进秋烨的树屋，秋烨立马开始了她的滔滔不绝：“僧达克，对吗？提雷克的老师，半人马的野心家，独角兽魔法的渴望者。看到你的背景，让我很难相信‘敌人的敌人是朋友’这句话。不过你的背景上倒也确实没有什么严重的罪行，额 —— 除了你曾经绑架过一只独角兽以外。总之，如果你不执着于所谓的‘合作’这件事，不如还是让我们给你和你们那些家伙安排一些好的住处。哦顺带一提，我们的音乐剧《歌剧魅影》最近在重映，当然，我是说，如果你们这群斗篷帮感兴趣搞搞公司团建的话。”
僧达克微微一笑：“真是个能说会道的领袖，我该如何称呼你？如果你真的做够了背景调查，你应该知道我是那种比较喜欢开门见山的半人马。我知道你们一直在防备着提雷克，不敢全面开放害怕吸引他的注意，所以如果我们一起除掉提雷克，你们获得彻底的自由，我获得我想要的魔力，这不是一场双赢吗？”
秋烨继续着长篇大论：“哦，哇哦！你想要干掉提雷克吗？我是说，我们不是没有想过，但是，你知道，提雷克可是个大家伙，我们可不想惹上他。你看着并不是多么强壮，哦抱歉，我是说你有点老，哦抱歉，我是说你看起来并不像是个能干掉提雷克的家伙。不过，如果你真的能帮我们解决提雷克，那我们当然会感激不尽！不过，你要知道，我们可不是那种轻易就会相信别人的 —— 哦对了，差点忘了，秋烨，你可以叫我秋烨。”
僧达克拿出一份书写潦草的文件：“我已经有方法了，不过如果在这里给你解释，恐怕我会听你把《歌剧魅影》整个剧本都叨叨完。自己看文件吧，拿定了主意就来联系我，我们的港口就在苹果嘉儿港对面的小岛上。” 说罢，僧达克转身离开了树屋。
[en.@desc]
The next day, as soon as Sendak stepped into Autumn Blaze’s treehouse, Autumn Blaze immediately began her endless chatter: “Sendak, right? Tirek’s teacher, the ambitious centaur, the unicorn magic enthusiast. Seeing your background, it’s hard for me to believe in the saying ‘the enemy of my enemy is my friend’. But there’s nothing serious on your background, hmm... except that you once kidnapped a unicorn. Anyway, if you are not so fixated on the so-called ‘cooperation’ matter, why not let us arrange some good accommodations for you and your guys? Oh by the way, our musical ‘The Phantom of the Opera’ is recently re-released, of course, I mean, if you cloaked guys are interested in some company team-bonding.”
Sendak smiled slightly: “You are really a leader who knows how to talk, how should I address you? If you have really done enough background checks, you should know that I am the kind of centaur who prefers to get straight to the point. I know you have been on guard against Tirek, not daring to fully open up for fear of attracting his attention, so if we get rid of Tirek together, you get complete freedom, and I get the magic I want, isn’t this a win-win situation?”
Autumn Blaze continued her lengthy speech: “Oh, wow! You want to take down Tirek? I mean, we have thought about it, but, you know, Tirek is a big guy, and we don’t want to mess with him. You don’t look very strong, oh sorry, I mean you look a bit old, oh sorry, I mean you don’t look like a guy who can take down Tirek. But if you can really help us deal with Tirek, we will of course be very grateful! However, you should know that we are not the kind of species that easily believes in — oh, right, almost forgot, Autumn Blaze, you can call me Autumn Blaze.”
Sendak took out a hastily written document: “I already have a way, but if I explain it to you here, I’m afraid I will have to listen to you talk about the entire script of ‘The Phantom of the Opera’ all day. Read the document yourself, make up your mind and contact me, our port is on the small island opposite Applejack Harbour.” With that, Sendak turned and left the treehouse.
[zh.@o0]
防止被剧透，聪明
[en.@o0]
Prevent spoilers, smart

