[zh.@]
白雾之间
[en.@]
In the White Mist
[zh.@desc]
终末之战前，平等镇东北边那片山里的居民仍与平等镇有贸易往来。自终末之战后，东边的山地便下起暴雪，覆盖了通往山区的道路，另一边的小马们就再没到过平等镇。

自此，住在东方山地里的小马们便成为了平等镇居民们心中的一个谜团。如今正值暖季，尽管通向东方的道路仍被雪封锁，但暴雪已经暂时停止。双钻计划靠他的滑雪装备去探索这片山地，希望能联系上那边的小马。

做好全套准备，拿上电台，双钻踏上了前往东方的路。他来到了当年追击星光熠熠那个山洞，洞口已再次被大雪堵住，这条路走不通了，于是他撑起雪杖，攀登前面的山顶，试图找到山地里哪里有小马的生活痕迹。登上山顶，双钻的目光投向东方:那是绵延不断的大山，覆盖着一层足有几只小马高的雪。在白雪的尽头，似乎是一片平地，亦或是一片森林，隐藏在惨白的雾气之中，他看不清。

至少不会有小马藏在山里几米高的雪里的，双钻这么想，对着电台报告：“这里是双钻，在山洞后面是很多座大山，覆盖着约三米高的雪。远处似乎有一片平地，不知道有没有小马生活的痕迹。”
电台对面是星光熠熠，她回答到：“这里是星光熠熠，如果可能，向平地前进，注意保护自身安全。”

双钻放下雪橇，从山顶滑下，向着更远的东边出发。山谷里的雪实在是比任何东西都洁白，如果不是时不时有几个灰色的巨石提醒双钻他真的在前进，或许他就以为自己一直在原地不动了。过了不知道几个小时，双钻终于离开起伏不定的白与灰，滑入那片白与绿。

树林里温度很低，周围的雾气让双钻很难看清路。他在森林里走着走着，突然撞到了一张木桌子：这里有小马生活！双钻非常激动，这一发现不枉他几个小时的努力。他马上拿起电台喊：“这里是双钻！我找到有小马居住的地方了，前面似乎是一个村庄！”
“真的吗?快，快往前找找，联系那里的村民！”双钻马上收起装备，向村庄里面走去。

尽管有小马的生活痕迹，可是这个村庄越来越怪异：水井里面全都是雪，桌子上面的雪很久没清理了，这周围越来越阴森，尤其是双钻周围萦绕着白色的大雾，显得这村庄散发着一股不详之气，还好这大雾看起来马上要散了。双钻没有碰到一只小马，他只能走到其中一间屋子前面，敲了敲门，不料门是虚掩着的。双钻走进门，突然间，他的瞳孔震了一下：里面那一只小马，坐在凳子上，他的身上覆着一层薄薄的冰霜，俨然成为了一座冰雕。

双钻震惊了，他一步一撞扑出了房间，外面的雾气已经散去，他看到了雾气里的小马们：有的站在地上，望着天空。有的躺在地上，闭着眼。还有一位母亲，怀里抱着她的孩子，安然倚靠在一个木桩上。他们都已经冻成了一个个冰雕，生动的如同他们仍然活着。这番景象让双钻顿时惊慌失措，他赶忙扯开自己的背包，抓起电台：“星光熠熠，星光熠熠！这里是双钻，我看到了这里的村民们，他们在... 他们在村中心站着，已经... 已经变成了冰雕，全都被冻死了！！”

“你说什么?！”
[en.@desc]
Before the Ultimate Battle, residents in the Northeastern mountains were still trading occasionally with Our Town. But after the war, a snowstorm covered the road to the mountains in the east, and the ponies on the other side never came to Our Town again.

Since then, the ponies living in the east have become a mystery to the residents of Our Town. Now, taking the opportunity of a relatively warm season, Double Diamond plans to explore the mountains with his skiing equipment, hoping to contact the ponies on the other side. Even though the road to the east is still blocked by snow, the blizzard has stopped for now.

Fully prepared and equipped with a radio, Double Diamond sets off for the east. He arrives at the cave where he once chased Starlight Glimmer. The entrance to the cave is blocked by snow again, so he props up his ski poles and climbs to the top of the mountain ahead, trying to find traces of pony life in the mountains. When he reaches the top of the mountain, Double Diamond looks to the east: there are continuous mountains covered with snow several meters high. At the end of the white snow, there seems to be a plain, or maybe a forest, hidden in the bleak white mist, which he cannot see clearly.

At least the ponies are not hiding in the snow several meters high in the mountains, Double Diamond thinks to himself, and reports to the radio: “This is Double Diamond. Behind the cave, there are many mountains covered with snow about three meters high. It seems that there is a plain in the distance, but I don’t know if there are any traces of ponies living.”
On the other end of the radio is Starlight Glimmer, who replies: “This is Starlight Glimmer. If possible, move towards the plain and remember, safety first.”

Double Diamond puts down his sled and slides down from the mountaintop, heading further east. The snow in the valley is whiter than anything else, and if it weren’t for the occasional gray boulders reminding Double Diamond that he was really moving forward, he might have thought he was standing still. After who knows how many hours, Double Diamond finally leaves the undulating white and gray and slides into the white and green.

The temperature in the forest is very low, and the surrounding mist makes it difficult for Double Diamond to see the road. As he walks through the forest, he suddenly bumps into a wooden table: there are ponies living here! Double Diamond is very excited, and this discovery is not in vain after several hours of effort. He immediately picks up the radio and shouts: “This is Double Diamond! I found a place where ponies live. It seems to be a village ahead!”

“Really? Hurry, hurry and look forward, contact the villagers there!” Double Diamond immediately packs up his equipment and walks towards the village.

Although there are traces of pony life, the village becomes more and more strange: their well is full of snow, the snow on the table has not been cleaned for a long time, and the surroundings become more and more gloomy. Especially with the white mist lingering around Double Diamond, the village exudes an ominous atmosphere. Fortunately, the mist seems to be dissipating soon. Double Diamond has not encountered a single pony. He walked to the front of one of the houses, knocked on the door, only to find that the door was ajar. Double Diamond walked into the house, and suddenly, his eyes widened: the pony inside, sitting on a stool, was covered with a thin layer of frost, and had become an ice sculpture.

Double Diamond was shocked. He stumbled out of the room, and the mist outside had dissipated. He saw the ponies in the mist: some were standing on the ground, looking up at the sky. Some were lying on the ground with their eyes closed. There was also a mother, holding her child in her arms, leaning peacefully against a wooden stake. They had all turned into ice sculptures, vividly as if they were still alive. This scene made Double Diamond panic, and he quickly opened his backpack and grabbed the radio: “Starlight Glimmer, Starlight Glimmer! This is Double Diamond. I saw the villagers here, they are standing in the center of the village, they have... they have all turned into ice sculptures, they are all frozen to death!!”

“What did you say?!”
[zh.@o0]
安息吧，我们已经知晓了你们的命运...
[en.@o0]
Rest in peace, we have finally learned of your fate...
