[zh.@]
实验结果
[en.@]
Experimental result
[zh.@desc]
测试者神采奕奕的站在实验台的中央，旁边的实验小马把装甲和武器纷纷安装在他的身上，然而，那名测试者穿戴上最后一块护甲后，整个团队都爆发出欢呼和鼓蹄声，然而石青派的脸上还没有露出一丝笑容，她注意到那名实验者的脸色已经变得十分变得难堪，一名实验小马开口问道“尝试往前走俩步看看？”那名测试车咬着牙迈开了步子，关节处的活塞开始摩擦发出一阵响动，然而，最令在场的小马都不愿看到的景象还是发生了，随着一声清脆从那名测试者身上发出来，他俩眼一晕，重重摔在地上，一些装甲部件也他的身上松动摔开，实验失败了，欢呼声转变成了惊呼。旁边的几名实验小马赶紧围上去帮他。石青派脸色一沉，摇了摇头，
“看来，以我们现有的技术，还无法将这些重型武器全部安装在一个小马身上”土豆蕉蕉遗憾的表示到，当一名研究小马把刚才的报表分别递给她和痊愈铂金后，她叹了口气说道“看来，还差得远，虽然很遗憾，但我认为这根本行不通，我们无法兼顾火力和便携性，这些武器真正应该被安装在战车和坦克上，而不是一匹陆马”
痊愈铂金一边看着报表，一边眉头紧锁，没有着急发表意见，“痊愈铂金，你觉得呢？”石青派不抱任何希望，试探性的问道。“光凭在武器上进行修改并试图达到可以在一个小马身上大量装备的程度，我们目前确实做不到，即便是整个小马利亚最优秀的科研团队也同样做不到”然而，他顿了顿，话锋一转“除非...你们了解魔药学吗？我年轻的时候在斑马大陆上对这门学科略有研究，如果我们同时朝另一个方向入蹄，通过将特定配方的魔药大幅灌注在一个陆马身上，说不定能让他获得更强壮的身躯，从而大大提高载重量”正当石青派打算开口，痊愈铂金突然补充道:“但是，你要明白，对小马进行这样的生物改造，自古以来通常都是禁止的，因为这伴随着极高的死亡率和更多潜在的风险，更何况，如果我们想要一只足够数量的军队，那么可能许多小马都会白白丧命，我无法保证他们当中任何一位的生命安全，在你做出决定前，我必须提醒你这一点”
石青派迟疑了，她张开的嘴又合上了，她望着远处昏倒的陆马和忙前忙后的研究小马，思考片刻后，回答道：
[en.@desc]
The tester stood at the center of the testing platform, beaming with excitement. Nearby, the lab ponies diligently attached armor and weapons to him. However, when the final piece of armor was secured, the entire team erupted in cheers and hoof stomps. Yet, Limestone Pie’s face remained devoid of a smile. She noticed that the tester’s expression had become increasingly uncomfortable. One of the lab ponies asked, "Shall we try taking a couple of steps forward?" Gritting his teeth, the tester took a step. The pistons in his joints began to grind, emitting a series of sounds. Unfortunately, the scene that all present hoped to avoid occurred. With a sharp crack from the tester’s body, his eyes glazed over, and he collapsed heavily to the ground. Some armor components loosened and fell off. The experiment had failed, and cheers turned into gasps. Several lab ponies quickly rushed over to assist him. Limestone Pie’s expression darkened as she shook her head.

"It seems that with our current technology, we can’t fully equip a pony with all this heavy weaponry," lamented banana mash. As a researcher handed her the report, she sighed and said, "It seems we're far from it. Though it’s unfortunate, I believe this approach is unworkable. We can’t balance firepower and portability. These weapons should truly be mounted on vehicles and tanks, not on a single earth pony."

platinum cure, while reviewing the report, furrowed his brow without hastening to offer an opinion. "platinum cure, what do you think?" Limestone Pie asked, testing the waters, though she held little hope. "Simply modifying the weapons and attempting to equip a single pony with them isn’t feasible. Even the best research teams in all of Equestria can’t achieve this," he replied. After a pause, he shifted his tone. "Unless... are you familiar with potionology? In my youth, I dabbled in this field on Zebra Island. If we take a different approach and infuse a specific potion formula into an earth pony, we might enhance their physique, significantly increasing their carrying capacity." Just as Limestone Pie was about to speak, platinum cure added, "However, you must understand that such biological modifications have historically been prohibited due to their high mortality rates and other potential risks. Moreover, if we aim to create a sufficiently large army, many ponies might perish. I cannot guarantee the safety of any of them. Before you make a decision, I must remind you of this."

Limestone Pie hesitated. Her mouth opened and closed as she gazed at the collapsed earth pony and the bustling lab ponies. After a moment of contemplation, she responded:
[zh.@o0]
“放开去做，普通小马的生死不值一提”
[en.@o0]
"Proceed with it. The lives of ordinary ponies are inconsequential."
[zh.@o1]
“还是按土豆蕉蕉所说，转而去考虑战车平台吧”
[en.@o1]
"Alternatively, as banana mash suggested, we could consider vehicle platforms."