[zh.@]
半夜惊魂
[en.@]
A Midnight Fright
[zh.@desc]
小萍花被窗外嘈杂的声音吵醒了，一俩俩装着蒸汽引擎的军车驶过城堡，这些庞然大物除了不在铁路上行驶以外，跟火车也没什么俩样。小萍花打了个哈欠，从柔软的床下滚下，她望了一眼窗外，月亮还挂在空中，一瞬间让她想起了露娜公主。小萍花推开门，许多小马匆忙的走来走去，依然没有看到石青派的身影，不过小萍花知道这个时候该找谁

当小萍花找到玉琪派的时候太阳已经升起，从玉琪派口中才得知，石青派昨天夜里对一个周边的国家开展了军事行动，她自己也奔赴前线了，整个城堡里的小马都在忙着处理这件事的工作。“你不去吗，为什么石青姐姐没有带着你一起去？”小萍花有意无意的问到。石青派沉默了一阵，才慢慢说道“我不是一个擅长指挥的小马”

“但是，从军衔上来说，你仍然是大洛克.....苹果派家族的将军”“战争期间我也只是负责小马们的后勤，所以帝国覆灭后，我就逐渐退出了军队......”小萍花没有再接着问，只是默默看着玉琪派“好吧好吧，石青派她......”“她什么？”"她疏远了我们所有小马“玉琪派低声说道。小萍花赶紧竖起了耳朵““当她确信石灰派和泥枝已经去世的那个晚上，以及布雷本去世的那一夜，她都变得愈发固执”“布雷本？”小萍花闻到了一丝异样

“他的事情.....你都知道的”玉琪派又一次低声说道，想用这种模棱两可的回答转移话题，可是小萍花不给她这个机会，小萍花瞪大了眼睛看向玉琪派“不，我不知道，真的是石青派谋害了他吗？“玉琪派没想到小萍花如此直白，吃了一惊，不过她赶紧捂住小萍花的嘴“这是场意外”小萍花刚要开口再问下去，但是玉琪派的耳朵已经耷拉下来，并且先一步开口道：“但她在这件事上也确实.....比较过分，为了击败帝国，她宁愿牺牲自己....也包括其他小马。我劝过她，但她已经听不进其他小马的意见了，她说的没错，我.....我总是优柔寡断，这不能怪她”

小萍花抱着她说到“不，你是我见过的最善良的小马....或许是第二善良的？不管怎么样，你才是对的"玉琪派没有再吭声，小萍花接着说道：“其实，我从莫丝清香那里大致知道了一些事情，我觉得所有苹果派家族的小马都应该知道真相"玉琪派呆住了“这也许.....也许不是一个好主意”玉琪派害怕的说道，小萍花摇摇头“战争已经结束了，我们却没有迎来和平，如果我不能继续阻止她，那么会有越来越多无辜的小马因此丧命，并且总有一天整个苹果派家族会化为枯枝，许多苹果家族的小马都支持这一点，我们要让石青派明白”玉琪派没有再吭声，短暂的沉默后，她轻声回答道：“我.....我什么也做不了，但.....那你要赶快了，她不会离开太久，抓进时间”小萍花立即准备动身离开，突然间，玉琪派抓住了她的蹄子，

[en.@desc]
Apple Bloom was jolted awake by the clatter outside. A pair of armored steam-engine trucks rumbled past the castle; apart from not running on rails, they might as well have been trains. She yawned, rolled out from the soft bed, and glanced out the window. The moon still hung in the sky and for a moment it made her think of Princess Luna.

Apple Bloom pushed open the door. Ponies hurried to and fro in the corridors, and Limestone Pie was nowhere to be seen — but Apple Bloom already knew who she needed to find.

By the time Apple Bloom found Marble Pie, the sun had risen. Marble Pie told her that Limestone Pie had launched a military action against a neighboring nation during the night and had gone to the front herself. Everypony in the castle was busy dealing with the fallout.

“Aren’t you going? Why didn’t Sister Limestone bring you with her?” Apple Bloom asked, half-casually. Marble Pie was silent for a moment, then answered slowly, “I’m not a pony who’s good at giving orders.”

“But by rank, you’re still a general of the Great Rockville… of the Apple Pie family.”
“During the war I only handled logistics for the ponies, so after the Empire fell I gradually stepped away from the army…” Marble Pie trailed off. Apple Bloom didn’t press further; she just watched Marble Pie in silence. “Alright, alright — Limestone Pie, she…”

“She what?” Apple Bloom asked.
“She’s alienated everypony,” Marble Pie said softly. Apple Bloom sharpened her ears. “The night she became sure Maud and Mudbranch were dead, and the night Braeburn died, she grew more and more stubborn.”

“Braeburn?” Apple Bloom felt a chill.

“You know about him… everything,” Marble Pie whispered again, trying to deflect with ambiguity. Apple Bloom wouldn’t give her the escape. Apple Bloom’s eyes went wide. “No — I don’t know. Did Limestone Pie really murder him?”

Marble Pie hadn’t expected Apple Bloom to ask so bluntly; she flinched, then quickly covered Apple Bloom’s mouth. “It was an accident.”

Apple Bloom opened her mouth to press further, but Marble Pie’s ears had already drooped and she spoke first: “Still… she did go too far in this. To defeat the Empire, she was willing to sacrifice herself… and other ponies. I’ve warned her, but she no longer listens to anyone. She’s right about one thing — I’m always indecisive. You can’t blame her for that.”

Apple Bloom hugged her and said, “No — you’re the kindest pony I know… maybe the second kindest? Either way, you’re right.” Marble Pie fell silent. Apple Bloom continued, “Actually, I learned some things from Mossy Scent. I think every pony in the Apple Pie family should know the truth.”

Marble Pie froze. “That might… might not be a good idea,” she said fearfully. Apple Bloom shook her head. “The war is over and we haven’t won peace. If I can’t stop her, more innocent ponies will die. One day the whole Apple Pie family could wither. Many of our ponies already support her — we need to make Limestone Pie understand.”

Marble Pie stayed quiet for a long moment, then answered softly, “I… I can’t do anything. But… you must hurry. She won’t be away for long — seize the time.”

Apple Bloom readied to leave immediately. Suddenly Marble Pie grabbed her hoof. 
[zh.@o0]
“答应我，我不希望有任何小马因此受伤，包括她”
[en.@o0]
“Promise me — I don’t want any pony to get hurt because of this. Not even her.”


