[zh.@]
在风暴帝国时期，自由港还是一个纯粹为军事目的而建造的军港。而现在，因其扼守两洋之间的交通要道，重要的地理位置很快令其成为了小马利亚南方最重要的贸易枢纽之一。如此剧烈的变化也导致城市处于一种繁荣与混乱并存的状态。

自由港是个多种族杂居之处，这一点从当地的建筑风格就能看出来 —— 当你刚走下港口，你会看到大片灰黑，厚重的沉闷建筑，风暴兽警察在街边维持着秩序。那些是风暴帝国的遗留。
穿行于城市之中，路边又会时不时冒出几栋小马风格的房屋，忙碌的小马与你擦肩而过，有的是闪卫麾下的士兵，有的是桑德巴尔政府的员工，也有的是逃难来的小马谷或是其他地区的农民。
再向前走，是不久前才兴起的商业区，狮鹫商贩叫卖着自己的货物，会让你疑惑是否不经意间来到了狮鹫王国。这就是自由港的多元文化。
更奇特的是，哪怕这里是自由小马利亚的首都，但你却看不到任何城堡、宫殿等彰显权力的建筑。相反，自由马国的政治中枢就藏在城市中一栋不起眼的三层楼里。
我们可以认为这是出于经济考虑，但某种程度上这或许体现了自由小马利亚最重要的精神之一 —— 平等。在这里没有王公贵族，只有平等的民众。

但是，这并非意味着自由港是个乌托邦。相反，这里是仅次于克鲁格镇的犯罪天堂。尽管政府全力打击犯罪，但很显然收效甚微。其中，犯罪率高昂的最大贡献者则在市中心之外 —— 那里是由帐篷和木板层层堆叠而成的贫民窟。在那里，被市中心的繁华与多样性所遮蔽的各个种族之间似乎无解的深刻矛盾，在每一个阴暗的小巷里肆意生长。

[en.@]
During the Storm Empire era, Freeport was a military port built purely for military purposes. Now, due to its strategic location between the two oceans, it quickly becomes one of the most important trade hubs in southern Equestria. Such drastic changes have also led the city to a mixed state of prosperity and chaos.

Freeport is a place where multiple species live to gether, which is evident from the local architectural style — when you first step off the port, you will see large areas of gray or black, heavy and dull buildings. Storm creatures as police maintain order on the streets. These are the remnants of the Storm Empire.
Walking through the city, you will occasionally see a few pony-style houses by the roadside, busy ponies brushing past you, some are soldiers from Flash Sentry’s army, some are employees of the Sandbar government, and some are refugees from Ponyville or other areas.
Further on, there is a commercial district that has only recently emerged, with griffon merchants selling their goods, making you wonder if you have inadvertently come to the Griffon Kingdom. This is the multiculturalism of Freeport.
A more peculiar thing is that, even though this is the capital of the Free Equestria, you cannot see any buildings that demonstrate power, such as castles or palaces. Instead, the political center of the Free Equestria is hidden in an inconspicuous three-story building in the city.
Though it may be viwed as an economic consideration, to some extent, this may still reflect one of the most important spirits of the Free Equestria — equality. There are no nobles here, only equal the public.

However, this does not mean that Freeport is a utopia. On the contrary, it is a crime paradise second only to Kluge Town. Despite the government’s full efforts to crack them down, it is clear that crime rates are still high. The biggest contributor to the high crime rate is outside the city center — the slums made up of tents and wooden boards. There, without the obscuring prosperity and diversity of the city center, seemingly intractable deep-seated conflicts between species grow rampant in every dark alley and corner.
