[zh.@]
永远的护国公
[en.@]
ownership of the two sisters’ castle
[zh.@desc]
石青派走上了台，台后站着的有整齐划一的士官，他们大多在战场上被石青派一蹄提拔，并战功显赫。还有痊愈铂金等科学官，他们为追赶洛马基等地的科研水平做出了卓越贡献。台上的一侧，以站在她的亲妹妹玉琪派为首，还站着许多苹果派家族的成员，甚至他们当中的不少此前参与了苹果鲁萨反抗石青派的起义，现在他们都成为了一种象征，象征着之前的起义都是他们家族的内部矛盾，并且也已经得到了解决，没有小马知道石青派是怎么说服他们的，又或者达成了什么样的条件。

当然，没有小萍花的身影，也不包括芝士三明治他们，虽然石青派发出了邀请，但是他们以一些无足轻重的理由拒绝了，这让石青派增添了一份埋怨。

深呼吸一口气后，石青派缓缓开口道：

“十五年前，我还只是这块土地上，一个陆马家庭的一位普通雌驹。我是幸福的，我有三位可爱的妹妹，共同组建了这个家庭，尤其是我的妹妹萍琪派，她为整个小马利亚带来着欢笑，我绝不认为我有她的十分之一出色。直到那一天来临，一切都变了。萍琪派自那天起便下落不明，再也没有返回这里。帝国没有交还她，也没有给我们一个能够相信的答案。我们的家乡里大量小马流离失所，而我的父母也一病不起。一切都让我迷茫，直到我的妹妹石灰派在这样艰难的一刻站了出来，她真正把采石农场从我们的庄园打造成了一个城镇。起初，我是反对的，我的家庭氛围让我并不喜欢任何访客。但是，当想到几乎每个小马家庭都在战争中失去了至亲，或像我们一样再也等不到他们的消息时，我认同了。我开始把这片大地上所有的受害者都看作自己的新亲马，也只有这样我们才能在寒风的肆虐中如玄武岩一样坚硬，我很高兴我当时这么做。

当然，我同样远不及石灰派那么出色，我选择了后退，将采石农场的未来交托给她，与此同时，她也得到了所有小马们的认可，西小马利亚、洛克维尔、庞德罗莎......我很高兴你们同样选择了她，我们共同组建成了一个新的整体，一个伟大国家的雏形。在那个黑暗的年代，我们共同抵御风雨.......直到帝国再次摧毁了一切，它们嫉妒石灰派的荣誉与成就，嫉妒我们这片大地上小马们欣欣向荣的生活，他们希望我们永远生活在贫困与痛苦之中，每天唯一要做的便是朝那个女皇顶礼膜拜。我不允许这种事情发生，因为我知道，此刻只有我能为所有小马指明方向，不然，萍琪派、石灰派所建立的一切，这块大地上所有小马的未来都会轰然倒塌。

我很高兴我做到了，在我和我身后如此之多小马，尤其是苹果派家族，这个最真诚、善良、勇敢的小马家族的共同努力下，帝国被击败了，女皇也随她的画像一起化为灰烬。但是，我知道这一切并没有结束，和平和幸福并没有立刻到来，混乱和战争仍然在大洛克维尔的周边肆掠，并且虎视眈眈的看向我们。我明白我不能放松警惕，并且需要带着大家继续向前，也只有我自己能做到。然而，事情同样没有那么一帆风顺，残存的帝国特务和强敌在作祟，他们传播着我和苹果派家族的谣言，他们要将我们并蒂连枝的心解绑，我不允许这种事情发生，因为我知道，此刻只有我能带着大洛克维尔不断向前，不然，萍琪派、石灰派、布雷本所建立的一切，这块大地上所有小马的未来都会轰然倒塌。

我很高兴我做到了，虽然最近发生了一些恶劣的事件，但我向大家保证都已经得到满意的解决。大洛克维尔、苹果派家族周边和内部的碎石与藤蔓在被不断扫除，仍然有很长一段路要走，但在我的庇护下，我相信我们暂时是安全的。因此，我需要大家继续认可我，无条件的信任我，知道我为何而战斗，同时，我需要郑重明确我的权力和职责，好帮助大家杜绝那些令马厌烦的杂音，不过，我也知道这意味着什么。我我仍然是苹果派家族这一伟大家族的普通一员，这块土地上一个陆马家庭的普通雌驹，但为了与地图之外的阴谋家划清界限，也为了象征一个全新的时代，我决定授予自己名为护国公的全新职位，任期到永恒，并将这一名号和职责从此庄严记载于大洛克维尔的法律之中。”

整个庆典场地上响起了经久不衰的蹄声，礼炮发出震耳的轰鸣，彩花与细小的宝石砂被扬起到了天空，台下的小马们纷纷高喊到：
[en.@desc]
Limestone Pie walked onto the stage. Behind her stood rows of disciplined officers, most of whom had been promoted by her own hoof on the battlefield and had remarkable battle achievements. There were also scientific officials like the recently recovered Platinum, who had made outstanding contributions to advancing research levels comparable to Lomaqi and other regions.

On one side of the stage, led by her younger sister Marble Pie, stood many members of the Apple Pie family. Many of them had previously participated in Appleloosa’s uprising against Limestone Pie. Now, they served as a symbol — a symbol that those past rebellions were merely internal conflicts within the family and had already been resolved. No pony knew how Limestone Pie had persuaded them, or what conditions she had agreed upon.

Of course, Apple Bloom was not present, nor were Cheese Sandwich and the others. Although Limestone Pie had extended an invitation, they refused for minor, inconsequential reasons — a slight resentment that added to Limestone Pie’s weight of grievances.

Taking a deep breath, Limestone Pie began to speak slowly:

“Fifteen years ago, I was just an ordinary filly from a landbound family on this land. I was happy — I had three lovely younger sisters, and together we formed this family. Especially my sister Pinkie Pie, who brought laughter to all of Equestria. I never considered myself even a tenth as remarkable as she was.

Until that day came, everything changed. Pinkie Pie disappeared and never returned. The Empire did not give her back or offer us one answer we could believe. Our hometown fell into chaos, countless ponies were displaced, and my parents became gravely ill. Everything left me bewildered until my sister Maud Pie stood up in that moment of hardship and transformed the quarry farm into a town. At first I opposed it, but then I thought of how nearly every family had lost loved ones in the war, or, like us, still waited for news that never came. I began to treat every victim on this land as my new kin. Only then could we stand like basalt against the winter wind. I am glad I did.”

“Of course, I am nowhere near as outstanding as Maud Pie. I chose to step back, entrusting the future of the quarry farm to her. And in the meantime, she earned the recognition of all ponies — in western Equestria, Rockville, Pondrosa… I am glad that you too chose her. Together, we built a new unity, the embryo of a great nation.

In those dark years, we withstood the storm together… until the Empire destroyed everything again. They envied Maud Pie’s honor and achievements. They envied the thriving life of ponies on this land. They wanted us to remain in poverty and pain, bowing to the Empress every single day.

I would not allow this to happen. I knew that only I could point the way for all ponies at this moment. Otherwise, everything Pinkie Pie, Maud Pie, and Braeburn had built — the future of all ponies on this land — would collapse.”

“I am glad I succeeded. With me, and with so many ponies behind me — especially the Apple Pie family, this most sincere, kind, and brave family — the Empire was defeated, and the Empress, along with her portrait, turned to ash.

Yet I know this is not the end. Peace and happiness did not arrive immediately. Chaos and war still rage around Greater Rockville, ever watchful. I understand I cannot relax. I must lead everyone forward, and only I can do it.

But the path is not smooth. Remaining imperial agents and powerful enemies spread rumors about me and the Apple Pie family, trying to unravel our united hearts. I cannot allow this. Only I can guide Greater Rockville onward; otherwise, everything Pinkie Pie, Maud Pie, and Braeburn built — the future of all ponies — would crumble.”

“I am glad I did it. Although some recent events have been grave, I assure everyone that they have been satisfactorily resolved. The rubble and vines around and within Greater Rockville and the Apple Pie family are being cleared. There is still a long road ahead, but under my protection, I believe we are safe for now.

Therefore, I need everyone to continue to recognize me, to trust me unconditionally, and to know what I fight for. At the same time, I must clearly define my power and responsibilities, to protect everyone from the distractions that wear down the spirit. I also know what this means. I am still an ordinary member of the Apple Pie family — an ordinary landbound filly on this land. But to draw a clear line against conspirators outside the map, and to symbolize a new era, I have decided to grant myself a new title: Protector of the Nation. My term is eternal, and this title and responsibility are henceforth solemnly recorded in the laws of Greater Rockville.”

The entire celebration venue erupted in the sound of hoofbeats that would echo for generations. Cannons roared with thunderous blasts, while confetti and tiny gemstone dust soared into the sky. Ponies below shouted in unison:

[zh.@o0]
万岁！
[en.@o0]
Long live for Limestone!
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
这就是本次故事的末尾了，PIHC制作组全体成员感谢你的游玩！
[en.@TOOLTIP]
This is the end of her story. The PIHC production team thanks you for playing!
