[zh.@]
面见女皇
[en.@]
Audience with the Empress
[zh.@desc]
石灰派和泥枝走向这条漆黑而漫长的走廊深处，身后是如影随形帝国特务。他们刚从火车上下来，就被告知此行是一次秘密出访，不仅火岩派和云母被转移到了一个清幽的地点进行治疗，而可西光辉甚至已经在那等待接见。不过石灰派此刻并不在乎，她知道从她的列车驶出采石农场的那一刻开始她已经身不由己了。
俩边的护卫拉开一扇门，眼前的房间没有火岩派和云母的声影，一排排全副武装的士兵列队站在左右俩侧，前方的宝座上坐着一个矮小的身影，一个稚嫩的嗓音响了起来：“欢迎你们来到坎特洛特”那个雌驹用洋洋自得的语气对着石灰派和泥枝喊到，昏暗的灯光下，她头戴的黄金王冠反射着她此刻摇摇欲坠的威严，全小马利亚的女皇，终末之战的胜利者，新元年的开创者，此刻高高在上的坐在他们面前。
“你好，陛下，虽然我不太喜欢你，同时我也不是真的希望你好”石灰派冷冷的说道，她的声音在她的背后引起一阵骚动，那些穿着黑衣的帝国特务摩擦着鞋底和嘴唇，阵阵躁动表明了无声的警告，但石灰派丝毫不惧尝试压抑她的氛围
可西光面上的笑容凝固住了，但她继续说到：“欢迎你们从你们那个破烂不堪的农场来见证我的成就，如今的坎特洛特已经焕然一芯”
“对不起，陛下，恕我直言，就算忽视你对你的品味仿佛六月的糖胶树林，虽然你尝试恐吓我们，并自以为能取得比你尝试假装出来的心理年龄与你实际年龄的差距还要大的优势，我可以肯定这是某种程度上的妄想性障碍”
“好了够了！没有家伙胆敢嘲笑我”可西光辉面红耳赤的朝石灰派和泥枝大吼到，虽然泥枝闭上了嘴，但是他与石灰派相视一笑，丝毫不把眼前的这个女皇放在眼里
“你们以为我不敢动你们吗；还有火岩派和云母，你们.......你们不想让他们继续活着了吗？”可西光辉逼问到
“所以你想要干什么？"”石灰派问道
可西光辉再次换上一副伪笑的嘴脸：“我改变主意了，派家族不仅不要为火岩派和云母的治疗费用买单，你们也没必要被迫生活在那个穷乡僻壤了，我希望你们今天能同意将采石农场的自治权交还给帝国，而我保证派家族的成员都可以在坎特洛特过上荣华富贵的生活，你们也可以与你们的父母团聚，让他们享受天伦之乐”话音刚落，石灰派和泥枝周围的士兵围了上来，锐利的火器指向他们的身体。
“你的美梦和你的统治一样脆弱，我知道他们已经去世了”石灰派心如刀绞，但还是应声回答道，可西光辉愣了一下，她没想到石灰派竟然明知如此的情况下还敢来到这里，“不错，说实话我不是故意这么做的，有些事情的发展超过了我的预料........"她很快大笑了起来:“当然，现在已经无所谓了，你们还想见到你们的其他亲戚吧，真的要让他们连你们一同哭丧才能满意？”
石灰派没有理睬那个女皇，转身对泥枝笑着说“我对你的爱，如顽石一样持久”
“你以为我不能用武力征服你们那片破农场，哪怕让无数小马惨死在毫无意义的抵抗下？”
泥枝也笑着用蹄子抚摸石灰派的脸颊“准确来说，白杨树也没有我对你的爱那么永恒”
“够了，既然你们那么喜欢石头就去当石雕好了”可西光辉气急败坏的喊道，头发在魔法的震颤下剧烈抖动漂浮着，她的独角冒出璀璨的亮光，照亮了整个房间。
[en.@desc]
Maud Pie and Mudbriar made their way down the dark, seemingly endless corridor, trailed like shadows by the Empire’s operatives. They’d barely stepped off the train when they were informed this was a secret mission. Igneous Rock Pie and Cloudy Quartz had already been whisked away to a secluded treatment facility, and Cozy Glow herself was supposedly waiting to receive them. But Maud Pie knew from the moment her carriage left the quarry farm that she was no longer in control of her own fate.

Two guards slid open a heavy door. Inside, there was no sign of Rock Pie or Cloudy Quartz—only rows of fully armed soldiers flanking either side, standing at rigid attention. On the throne before them sat a small figure, whose youthful voice rang out:
“Welcome to Canterlot!”

Cozy Glow’s tone dripped with self-satisfaction as she addressed Maud Pie and Mudbriar. In the dim light, her golden crown flickered atop her head, barely sustaining the crumbling façade of her authority. Empress of all Equestria, victor of the Final Battle, usherer in the New Era—she sat high above them, smug and unchallenged.

“Your Majesty,” Maud Pie replied coolly, “I don’t much like you, and I certainly don’t wish you well.”
A ripple of tension ran through the black-clad operatives behind her. Their shifting feet and clenched lips were an unspoken warning—but Maud Pie didn’t flinch.

Cozy Glow’s grin froze for a moment before she forced out a laugh.
“Oh, how charming. You’ve come from your shabby farm to witness my greatness in person. Canterlot has been reborn under my rule.”

“Forgive my bluntness, Your Highness,” Maud Pie said, “but your taste is as muddled as a summer sugarcane field. You try to scare us, thinking you hold some grand advantage—bigger than the gap between your feigned maturity and your true age. Honestly, it’s… delusional.”

“Enough! Who dares mock me?” Cozy Glow’s face flushed red as she barked at Maud Pie and Mudbriar. Although Mudbriar stayed silent, he exchanged a knowing smirk with Maud Pie—they clearly weren’t intimidated.

“And what about Rock Pie and Cloudy Quartz?” Cozy Glow pressed, her tone turning ominous. “Don’t you want them to live?”

“So, what’s your endgame?” Maud Pie asked.

Cozy swapped back to her sweetest smile.
“I’ve changed my mind. The Pie family won’t have to foot the bills for Rock Pie and Cloudy Quartz’s treatments. You no longer need to toil in that backwater farm. Today, I offer you the return of your quarry farm’s autonomy to the Empire—in exchange, I guarantee every Pie family member a life of luxury here in Canterlot. You’ll even be reunited with your parents to enjoy family bliss.”

The moment her words fell, Imperial soldiers closed in, guns trained on Maud Pie and Mudbriar.

“Your dreams—and your rule—are as fragile as your crown. I know they’ve passed on,” Maud Pie said, her heart breaking yet her voice steady. Cozy Glow was taken aback; she hadn’t expected Maud to come here knowing the truth.

“Alright, fine,” Cozy stammered, “I didn’t plan for things to go this far… but now—it’s too late. You’d like to see your other kin, wouldn’t you? Must they all mourn with you to satisfy your grief?”

Ignoring the Empress, Maud Pie turned to Mudbriar and smiled. “My love for you is as enduring as bedrock.”

Mudbriar chuckled, brushing Maud Pie’s cheek with a hoof. “Actually, Poplar’s durability doesn’t match my love for you.”

“Enough! If you love stones so much, go be living sculptures!” Cozy Glow screamed, her mane shaking and floating in the surge of her magic. Her horn glowed brilliantly, illuminating the entire hall.
[zh.@o0]
光芒散去，俩个年轻的生命永远的被定格在了这一刻
[en.@o0]
The light faded—two young lives were frozen forever in that final moment.
[zh.@o1]

[en.@o1]