[zh.@]
会谈记录：焦赭
[en.@]
Talk Record: Burnt Umber
[zh.@desc]
焦赭，§2麒麟军队领袖§!，生于险崇峰，现居住于§2险崇峰§!。

身为军队领袖，焦赭的似乎却不擅长应对比较严肃的对话。看到调查组前来，焦赭§2十分紧张语无伦次§!。他似乎错把调查组当成了什么考试官，一直在强调自己的忠诚和执行力。因为他领导的§2军队方面没有参与§!稚马之息向东调配的工作，所以对于调查组的多数例行问题，他的回答是“不知道”。这让他更加紧张，而调查组不得不劝说他放松一些。
得知调查组在调查走私案，焦赭更加紧张，即使调查组没有问，还是坦白了许多：今年，他托自己在§2柔柔港§!工作的朋友帮忙低价代购了自由小马利亚的冰淇淋和可乐，不知道算不算走私；前年，他在§2苹果嘉儿港§!被商贩送了两箱苹果鲁萨苹果酒当晚就喝掉了，不知道算不算受贿。紧张中，他连自己最喜欢的点心口味都告诉了调查组：香草。几年前，他还在§2货运总局的仓库§!偷了几株香草，带回家自己种。
关于§2与繁花的关系§!，焦赭表示曾经在险崇峰与繁花是邻居，他们之间有过一些交流。即使他对于繁花的现状并不清楚，他认为繁花不太可能是走私犯。而当调查组问及为什么的时候，§2他却也无法给出明确的理由§!。
最后，平静下来的焦赭终于想起来提醒调查组，他查阅了边境地区边检部队的日志，并没有样貌类似繁花的麒麟出境或者非法出境的记录。这意味着§2繁花可能并未离境§!，而是依然潜藏在麒麟社群内部，可能向北逃至了§2麒麟之森§!躲藏起来，也可能最坏情况下 —— 已经被灭口了。


[en.@desc]
Burnt Umber, §2Kirin military leader§!, born in the Peaks of Peril, currently residing in the §2Peaks of Peril§!.

As a military leader, Burnt Umber seems to lack the ability to deal with serious conversation. Seeing the investigation team coming, Burnt Umber was very §2nervous and stuttered§!. He seemed to mistake the investigation team for some examiners, and kept emphasizing his loyalty and execution. Because the §2military he led did not participate in§! the transfer of the foal’s breath to the east, his answer to most of our routine questions was “I don’t know”. This made him even more nervous, and the investigation team had to persuade him to relax.
Informed that the investigation team was investigating a smuggling case, Burnt Umber became even more nervous. Even though the investigation team did not ask, he confessed a lot: this year, he asked a friend working in §2Fluttershy Harbour§! to help him buy Free Equestria’s ice cream and cola at a low price, not sure if it counts as smuggling; two years ago, he was given two boxes of apple cider by a merchant at §2Applejack Harbour§!, and drank them all that night, not sure if it counts as bribery. In his nervousness, he even told the investigation team his favorite dessert flavor: vanilla. A few years ago, he stole a few fragrant herbs from the §2Freight Bureau’s warehouse§! and brought them home to grow.
Regarding §2his relationship with Blossom Burst§!, Burnt Umber said that he used to be neighbors with Blossom Burst in the Peaks of Peril, and they had some exchanges. Even though he was not clear about Blossom Burst’s current situation, he believed that Blossom Burst was unlikely to be a smuggler. However, when the investigation team asked why, §2he could not give a clear reason§!.
At the very last, Burnt Umber, who had calmed down, finally remembered to remind the investigation team that he had checked the logs of the border inspection forces in the border areas, and there was no record of a Kirin with a similar appearance to Blossom Burst crossing or illegally crossing the border. This means that §2Blossom Burst may not have left the country§!, but is still hiding within the Kirin commune, possibly fled north to the §2Kirin Forest§!, or in the worst case scenario —— has been silenced for good.

[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m Done

[zh.@o1]
下一页
[en.@o1]
Next Page

[zh.@o2]
上一页
[en.@o2]
Prev Page
