[zh.@]
警戒
[en.@]
Alert
[zh.@desc]
在店主慌张地敲钟报案后，集市巡逻队很快来到了“麒麟搬运”店铺门前，将这一队伍身着斗篷的半人马团团围住。而他们似乎也没有反抗的迹象，就只是静静地站着不说话。
半人马的出现很快惊动了集市，整个港口码头都被疏散，麒麟军队领袖焦赭也很快赶到了现场。确认半人马们似乎没有敌意后，焦赭便走上前，开始与领头者交谈。
“虽然这不是第一次我们在港口见到半人马了，但你可能还是第一次，那我就解释一下。我们绝不可能让提雷克对这个港口感兴趣，所以半人马来到这里后选择只有三个：第一，在麒麟社群里住下永远不能回去。第二，我们将你迷晕，丢进丛林里自生自灭，不过放心，草药只会让目标失去记忆，并没有毒性。第三，最坏的情况，我们将迫不得已——”
领头者再次用拐杖敲了敲地，打断了焦赭的话。“看来你们并不认识我。那简单地说，就像你们在提防提雷克一样，提雷克也是我的敌人。我是来寻求合作的。”
焦赭显然没有预料到这个情况，此前的半人马，要么是无意间闯入的无知贵族，要么就是半人马殖民者，前者一般会得到前两个选项中的一个，而后者则一般得到第三个选项。正当焦赭张口想要详细询问时，领头者却抢先说道：“我不会回答你的问题。叫你们的领袖过来，这种大事我只能和最高领导者谈。”
[en.@desc]
After the shopkeeper frantically rang the bell to report the case, the market patrol quickly arrived at the front of the “Kirin Movers” shop and surrounded the cloaked centaur team. They seemed to have no signs of resistance, just standing quietly without saying a word.
The appearance of centaurs quickly disturbed the market, and the entire port dock was evacuated. Kirin military leader Burnt Umber quickly arrived at the scene. After confirming that the centaurs seemed to have no hostility, Burnt Umber walked up and began to talk to the leader.
“Though it’s not the first time we’ve seen centaurs at the port, it might be your first time, so let me explain. We can never let Tirek be interested in this port, so after the centaurs come here, they have only three choices: first, to live forever in the Kirin commune and never go back. Second, we will knock you out and throw you into the jungle to fend for yourself, but rest assured, the herbs will only make the target lose memory and are not poisonous. Third, in the worst case, we will be forced to —”
The leader knocked on the ground again with his cane, interrupting Burnt Umber. “It seems you don’t know me. So, to put it simply, just as you are on guard against Tirek, Tirek is also my enemy. I am here to seek cooperation.”
Burnt Umber obviously did not expect this situation. The previous centaurs were either ignorant nobles who accidentally broke in, or centaur colonizers. The former generally received one of the first two options, while the latter generally received the third option. Just as Burnt Umber was about to ask in detail, the leader preempted him and said, “I won’t answer your questions. Call your leader over. I can only discuss such important matters with your highest leader.”

[zh.@o0]
额... 好吧？
[en.@o0]
Emm... okay?
