[zh.@]
夏日庆典
[en.@]
The Summer Sun Celebration
[zh.@desc]
6月21日，小马利亚帝国于首都坎特洛特举办了新元年以来的首次的夏日庆典，小马利亚帝国各个属地都派遣了代表前来参会。
庆典开幕仪式上，小马利亚帝国友谊女皇和煦光流首先发表了讲话。讲话总结了新元年以来，帝国在各方面取得的一系列成就，展望未来，并表达了清除叛乱组织的决心。
随后，属地代表，“忠诚者勋章”获得者，“帝国优秀领主评选”首届冠军，小马谷公爵领领主，特丽克西·卢拉月上台发表了演讲。特丽克西领主向和煦光流女皇汇报了任命以来的工作情况，赞美了小马利亚帝国迄今为止取得的成就，并对和煦光流女皇表示了感谢。开幕式在小马利亚帝国国歌中结束，夏日庆典活动还将持续约一周。
然而，据《自由之镜》报道，庆典的开幕式并不像其对外展示的美好：和煦光流女皇曾多次委婉表示，不愿意参加夏日庆典，称其‘冗长而枯燥’。《自由之境》还截取到了若干镜头，和煦光流女皇在特丽克西领主演讲时表现出不耐烦的神情，有民间传言表示：和煦光流女皇对特丽克西领主并不信任。
抵抗军官方电台《红色电台》对于此次夏日庆典拒绝评论，抵抗军发言者称，抵抗军于平等镇举行了自己的夏日庆典。
除小马以外，近年也有牦牛、狮鹫等多个种族开始以自己的方式庆祝夏日庆典，小马利亚世界弥漫着一片喜庆祥和的氛围。
[en.@desc]
On June 21, the Equestria Empire held the first Summer Sun Celebration in Canterlot since Jahr Null. Representatives from all the territories of the Empire of Equestria came to attend the meeting.
At the opening ceremony of the celebration, the Empress of Friendship, Princess Cozy Glow made the first speech, summarizing the series of achievements made by the Empire in various fields since Jahr Null, looking forward to the future, and expressing the determination to eradicate the rebellion.
Later, the representative of the territories, the “Loyalist Medal” winner, the champion of the first “Empire Excellent Duchess Contest”, the Duchess of Ponyville, Trixie Lulamoon made her speech. Duchess Trixie reported to the Empress Cozy Glow the work since her appointment, praised the achievements of the Equestria Empire so far, and expressed her gratitude to Cozy Glow. The opening ceremony ended with the national anthem of the Equestria Empire, and the Summer Sun Celebration will continue for about a week.
However, according to the Mirror of Freedom Press’s report, the opening ceremony of the celebration was not as harmonious as it was shown to the outside world: Cozy Glow had repeatedly expressed her unwillingness to attend the Summer Sun Celebration, calling it “long and boring”. The Mirror of Freedom Press also captured several shots of Cozy Glow showing impatience during Duchess Trixie’s speech, and there were rumors that Cozy Glow did not trust Duchess Trixie.
The official radio station of the Resistance, the Red Radio, refused to comment on the Summer Sun Celebration. The spokespony of the Resistance said that the Resistance held its own Summer Sun Celebration in Our Town.
In addition to the ponies, in recent years, many other species including Yaks and Griffons have begun to celebrate the Summer Sun Celebration in their own way, and the world of Equestria is filled with a festive and peaceful atmosphere.
[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay