[zh.@]
关押的至亲
[en.@]
Detained Loved Ones
[zh.@desc]

石青派一向用冷酷和强硬的姿态示众，不久前，她差点在谈判桌上与她之前的战友们大发雷霆，但到了此刻，她却也显得有些纠结和难堪。一番思想斗争后，她简单朝着站岗的哨卫敬礼，便带着几名随行士兵穿过几层铁丝网和警戒线，趁着夜色来到了苹果鲁萨郊区的一个偏僻基地。石青派来到了一扇门的门口，她示意随行的士兵们退后，随后上前敲了敲门，再将其打开，走了进去。
“给我来杯苹果酒，记得加冰，顺便帮我给你们的石青派大统领传句话，问她什么时候愿意来拜访一下她的亲戚”藏在阴影中的一位雄驹开口道，用轻描淡写的语气说着。石青派略有愧疚的低下了头“够了布雷本”那位雄驹从阴影中缓缓现身“怎么，你还没有忘记我们，难道战胜帝国的庆功宴不够愉快吗？”
“听着布雷本，我不是来跟你争论的，我知道我当时太过冲动了，我不应该把你们一直放在这里，但是现在战争结束了，在我的带领下，我们胜利了！这还不够吗？“石青派用一种假装的洋洋自得的语气说着，随后她停顿了片刻，继续开口道：“我们没必要再互相敌对了，我现在....只是想跟你们重归于好，苹果派家族需要这一点”石青派断断续续的说着，她不明白自己的语气怎么听起来像她的妹妹玉琪派一样
“怎么？现在知道该把家族搬出来说事了？是啊，你胜利了，瞧瞧这四周，你的世界里完全没有必要有我们的存在，哦对了，石青派万岁！”布雷本装模作样的高喊道，他明亮的嗓音向四周扩散，黑暗中又睁大了好几双眼睛，在石青派的身上来回扫视着，让她愈发难堪
“你....不.....这一切都是为了战胜帝国，为了苹果派家族，我们共同的未来！”石青派语无伦次起来，她恼羞成怒的喊道，借此掩盖内心的慌张“你们听着，我要你们立刻回到苹果派家族中来，大家都想念着你们，你们也想念着他们，难道不是吗？”石青派的话语带来了一阵的沉默。“已经和平了，我没有理由，对，我没有理由再继续阻止你们抛头露面，原谅我之前的行为，为了战胜帝国，我们不能有任何分歧”石青派乘胜追击般说道，声音也明亮了起来，她用满怀期待的眼神看着那个雄驹
“你说得对，亲爱的，我们的亲戚在思念着我们，只是，当我们回去后，苹果派家族就不复存在了."”你？什么意思？“石青派愣住了“如你所说，已经和平了，苹果家族和派家族之间的联盟也没有必要再维持了，因此，我们决定让苹果鲁萨重归苹果家族管控。考虑到我们之前的关系，我也愿意代表苹果家族原谅你在战争期间对我们家族的所作所为”“不，你们...你们不能这样！我们，我们在一起会开创全新的未来！”“那么我们宁可继续待在这里，反正与现在也没有什么区别”
"你们不能这样对我！....对你们的至亲！“石青派朝布雷本大叫道，布雷本等众马用沉默应对，石青派大口喘着粗气，狠狠瞥了一眼布雷本，咬牙切齿说道：“听着，我为之前的事情感到抱歉，但是既然你们今天还没有考虑清楚，那我再多给你们一些时间“随后摔门而去
[en.@desc]
Limestone Pie had always displayed her ruthlessness and firmness when showing herself publicly. Not long ago, she had almost lost her temper at the negotiating table with her former comrades. Yet now, she appeared slightly conflicted and embarrassed.

After a brief internal struggle, she saluted the standing guards and, accompanied by several soldiers, made her way through layers of barbed wire and security lines. Under the cover of night, they arrived at a remote base on the outskirts of Appleloosa.

Limestone Pie approached a door, signaling her soldiers to fall back. She knocked and then pushed it open, stepping inside.

“Bring me a cup of apple cider, with ice. And by the way, tell your Limestone Pie Supreme Commander that I’d like to know when she’s willing to pay a visit to her relatives,” said a stallion lurking in the shadows, his tone casual.

Limestone Pie lowered her head in slight guilt.

“Enough, Braeburn.”

The stallion slowly emerged from the shadows.

“What, haven’t you forgotten us yet? Wasn’t the victory feast against the Empire enough for you?”

“Listen, Braeburn, I’m not here to argue. I know I was too impulsive back then. I shouldn’t have kept you all here, but now the war is over. Under my leadership, we’ve won! Isn’t that enough?” Limestone Pie spoke in a tone of feigned pride.

She paused for a moment before continuing,

“We don’t need to remain enemies. I now… just want to reconcile. The Apple Pie family needs this.”

Her words came haltingly, and she didn’t understand why her voice sounded so much like her sister, Marble Pie.

“Oh? Now you bring up the family to justify yourself? Sure, you’ve won. Look around — your world doesn’t need us. Oh, yes… Long live Limestone Pie!” Braeburn shouted mockingly, his bright voice echoing around. Several pairs of eyes in the darkness scanned Limestone Pie back and forth, making her increasingly uncomfortable.

“You… no… all of this was for defeating the Empire, for the Apple Pie family, for our shared future!” Limestone Pie cried out incoherently, trying to mask her inner panic with anger.

“Listen, I want you to return to the Apple Pie family immediately. Everyone misses you, and you miss them, don’t you?”

Her words were met with silence.

“Peace has been achieved. I have no reason — yes, no reason — to keep you from showing yourselves. Forgive my previous actions. For the sake of defeating the Empire, we cannot have any division,” Limestone Pie pressed on, her voice brightening, her eyes full of expectation as she looked at Braeburn.

“You are right, dear. Our relatives miss us. But… when we go back, the Apple Pie family will cease to exist.”

“You? What do you mean?” Limestone Pie froze.

“As you said, peace has been achieved. The alliance between the Apple Pie family and the Pie family is no longer necessary. Therefore, we have decided to return Appleloosa to the control of the Apple family. Considering our past relations, I am willing to forgive your actions against our family during the war on behalf of the Apple family.”

“No! You… you can’t do this! We… together, we can create a new future!”

“Then we’d rather stay here. It makes no difference from now anyway.”

“You can’t do this to me! …To your loved ones!” Limestone Pie yelled at Braeburn.

Braeburn and the others remained silent. Limestone Pie gasped heavily, glared at Braeburn, and ground her teeth.

“Listen, I am sorry for what happened before. But since you haven’t made your decision today, I’ll give you some more time.”

She slammed the door shut.


[zh.@o0]
“而我们会在这里注视着你，直到你踏入深渊”
[en.@o0]
“And we will watch you from here, until you step into the abyss.”


