[zh.@]
老帕斯顿的新工作
[en.@]
Poor Pastern’s New Job

[zh.@desc]
月光下的坎特洛特城里，老帕斯顿正吃力地背着四箱汽水，一边满头大汗，一边却又小心翼翼屏住呼吸不敢喘粗气地蹒跚着。每一步，他都生怕那些玻璃瓶摇摇晃晃互相碰撞的响声引来了秩序部的警察。
“百驷可乐” —— 风暴岛饮料厂的最新产品，风暴岛乃至帝国最受欢迎的饮料之一。尽管女皇对这来自风暴岛的文化入侵甚是反感，但坎特洛特的贵族们却个个都对这种新奇的饮料情有独钟。这带来的结果，便是帝国对风暴岛的贸易禁令无法有效执行——只有那些像老帕斯顿这样的老实本分的小商贩，才会被秩序部的警察们当场抓获；而真正的大富商背后都有着坎特洛特贵族们的支持，随便用他们贸易的零头，就足够打点掉秩序部的警察了。
但今晚，老帕斯顿有了自己跻身那些大富商的机会了 —— 一名神秘的富商想从他那里购入“百驷可乐”，每月三千箱！今晚他要带一些样品去给那位神秘的买家品尝，一旦对方满意，下个月老帕斯顿就终于也能成为某个坎特洛特权贵的供货商了 —— 也终于可以还清他因为忘记缴纳“女皇生贺税”店铺被查封的巨额债务了。想到这些，老帕斯顿的脚步也不禁加快了几分。
只可惜，过分开心总是会招来不幸。突然地，一只马蹄搭到了他的肩膀上，是秩序部的警察。
在接下来的一个周内，老帕斯顿失去了他的一切，汽水、房子、跻身坎特洛特上层的美梦，甚至是他的自由。因为不能偿还债务再加上违规倒卖禁品，老帕斯顿被秩序部判了三年无偿劳动，送去了帝国的新工厂。当警马们押着他穿过充溢着焦糖味的厂房，来到流水线尽头的包装台，老帕斯顿看到了有一群和他一样带着镣铐的陆马工友们，正在将把标签贴到已经灌装的饮料瓶子上去，鲜红的“和煦可乐”字样在碳酸气泡中微微发胀。老帕斯顿向工友们一打听才得知，为了对抗风暴岛的文化入侵，女皇已经下令帝国组建自己的饮料品牌“和煦可乐”了。
老帕斯顿还听说，现在工厂的活其实清闲，仅仅是做一点测试生产。下个月才真正全面开工，工厂开工的第一个月，计划每月生产三千箱。听说厂长还在找原材料供应商呢。

[en.@desc]
Under Canterlot’s moonlit sky, Poor Pastern staggered beneath four crates of beverages, sweat glistening on his brow as he suppressed every labored breath. Each step risked the telltale clink of glass bottles — a death knell that might summon Ministry of Order patrols.
The “Pegasi Cola” crates dug into his back — Storm Island’s latest sensation, adored by Canterlot’s nobility despite the Empress’s decree against “cultural infiltration”. Trade bans only ensnared small-time, honest vendors like Poor Pastern; the real smugglers had aristocratic patrons who would gladly pay off the Ministry’s enforcers with just a small fraction of their profits.
But tonight, Poor Pastern had a chance to join those elite smugglers — a mysterious buyer wanted to purchase “Pegasi Cola” from him, THREE THOUSAND crates a month! Tonight, he would bring samples to the buyer, and if satisfied, next month Poor Pastern would finally become a supplier to some Canterlot elite — and finally pay off his massive debt from forgetting to pay the “Empress’s Birthday Levy” and having his shop seized. The thought spurred Poor Pastern’s steps to quicken.
Alas, excessive joy always invites misfortune. Suddenly, a hoof landed on his shoulder — a Ministry of Order patrol.
Over the next week, Poor Pastern lost everything — his beverages, his house, his dreams of Canterlot’s upper echelons, even his freedom. Unable to repay his debts and caught selling contraband, Poor Pastern was sentenced to three years of unpaid labor by the Ministry of Order, sent to the Empire’s new factory. As the police ponies led him through the caramel-scented factory to the packaging line’s end, Poor Pastern saw a group of earth pony workers like him, all in shackles, affixing labels to filled bottles, the bright red “Cozy Cola” logo swelling in the carbonated bubbles. Only then did Poor Pastern learn that, to combat Storm Island’s cultural infiltration, the Empress had ordered the Empire to create its own beverage brand, “Cozy Cola”.
Poor Pastern also heard that the factory was currently idle, only doing some test production. It would only fully start next month, with a planned production of three thousand crates per month. They said the factory manager was still looking for raw material suppliers.

[zh.@o0]
可悲
[en.@o0]
Pathetic
