[zh.@]
勇敢者的游戏
[en.@]
The Game of the Brave
[zh.@desc]
“喷火，你应该已经看过帝国陆军的‘邮差’递给你的文件了吧？” 喷火走进房间，还不等献上层云堡的特产，女皇就开门见山地问道。
“是的，女皇陛下。那么您应该也已经看过我出发前在层云堡发布的通告了吧？” 喷火微微一笑，将包中拿出的特产放在了一边。

“我看过了，” 女皇点点头，“你的通告很有趣，‘战争期间，层云堡居民应全力支持小马利亚帝国。如果在层云堡发现任何脱离前线的帝国逃兵，层云堡居民们应誓死拦截，交给女皇陛下处理’。挺好笑的对吧？‘脱离前线的帝国逃兵’？” 女皇讽刺道。
“女皇陛下，通告的重点是‘层云堡居民应全力支持小马利亚帝国’。您可以不用多想。” 喷火点点头，微笑着说道，“我相信层云堡的居民一定会坚守自己的立场，不负女皇陛下的期望，消灭每一名逃兵，直到最后一刻。”
“很不错！层云堡是如此的忠诚，我都在考虑，战争胜利以后让层云堡从帝国完全独立呢！” 和煦光流试探性地说道，看着喷火的反应。喷火则反应迅速：“我们怎么会想要从女皇陛下的英明统治中独立呢？您看，正是陛下您的保护，让我们免于战争之苦，直到现在层云堡都没有小马被送上战场。”

眼见喷火继续阴阳怪气，和煦光流女皇新起了一个话题：“哦对了，喷火，不知道你有没有在层云堡的小餐馆里听到些风声。现在帝国征兵的待遇又要提高了，每个参军的小马能获得整整一车金币。” 随后，她凑到喷火身边，小声地说：“其实，待遇提高的不止有士兵。你知道吗，每个征兵表现优秀的天马自治领，市长都会得到一笔不菲的奖励。你说，这是不是个不错的机会呢？”
“女皇陛下，” 喷火看着和煦光流，“我担任自治领的市长，是因为层云堡的居民信任我，相信我一定能全心全意服务帝国，而不是贪图钱财。”
“对，喷火你说的对。” 贿赂不成，和煦光流又继续说道，“不过，这些奖励不止是给市长的，我最近在考虑将层云堡的补贴比例提高到7%。喷火，你觉得这个提议怎么样？或者，10%呢？”
“女皇陛下，” 喷火再次摇摇头：“层云堡地方比较小，最缺乏的是劳动力，参加军队影响了对帝国建设事业的贡献，是百分之几的补贴无法弥补的。”

“那先不聊这个，” 和煦光流女皇的语气中透露出她强压着的怒火：“你来参加这次会面是我邀请的，所以我也会保护你的安全。但现在这个局势也是非常危险的，你要小心，将来哪一天，在层云堡，别出什么意外。比如被抵抗组织刺杀什么的。”
喷火听出了女皇的意思，却还是微笑着回复：“感谢女皇的关心！我都会随身携带武器保护自己安全的。即使我遭遇不测，“自由层云堡”的同志也一定会很快找出凶手，让他们付出代价的。以牙还牙，以眼还眼，这是我们的原则，哪怕是在坎特洛特活动的‘抵抗组织’，也不例外。” 说着，喷火整理了整理衣服，不经意间露出侧身包中的武器——虽然它们已经经过帝国检查，但这还是让女皇下意识地后腿了几步。

和煦光流肉眼可见地有些慌张，沉默许久，喝了一口茶压惊：“喷火。你可以走了。”
“谢谢女皇陛下，所以说征兵的事情？” 喷火继续拍了拍她侧身的包。
“层云堡不仅不需要征兵，我还要奖励你们的忠诚，” 和煦光流女皇颤抖着说道，“奖励市长的那几车金币、层云堡补贴、以及战争胜利后的独立，我都会给你们的。”
[en.@desc]
“Spitfire, you should have read the document delivered by the ‘mailpony’ of the Imperial Army, right?” The Empress asked as Spitfire walked into the room, without waiting for her to present her souvenirs from Stratusburg to the Empress.
“Yes, Your Majesty. So you should also have read the notice I issued in Stratusburg before I left, right?” Spitfire smiled slightly and put the special product from her bag aside.

“I have read it,” the Empress nodded, “Your notice is very interesting, ‘During the war, the residents of Stratusburg should fully support the Equestria Empire. If any imperial deserters are found in Stratusburg, the residents of Stratusburg should intercept them to the death and capture them all for Her Majesty.’ Quite funny, right? ‘Imperial deserters’?” The Empress asked ironically.
“Your Majesty, the main point of the notice is ‘the residents of Stratusburg should fully support the Equestria Empire’. You don’t need to think too much about it.” Spitfire nodded and smiled, “I believe the residents of Stratusburg will stick to their position, not disappoint Your Majesty’s expectations, and eliminate every deserter until the last moment.”
“Very good! Stratusburg is so loyal. I am considering making Stratusburg completely independent from the Empire after the war!” Cozy Glow tentatively said, looking at Spitfire’s reaction. Spitfire responded quickly, “How could we want to be independent from the wise rule of Your Majesty? You see, it is Your Majesty’s protection that has saved us from the suffering of war. Until now, no pony from Stratusburg has been sent to the battlefield.”

Seeing Spitfire continue to be sarcastic, Cozy Glow the Empress changed the subject, “Oh, by the way, Spitfire, I don’t know if you have heard any rumors in your small diner in Stratusburg. The treatment of conscription in the Empire is going to be improved again. Every soldier can get a whole cart of gold coins.” Then, she leaned over to Spitfire and whispered, “Actually, it’s not just for the soldiers. Do you know that every autonomous territory with outstanding conscription will get a hefty reward for the governer? Do you think this is a good opportunity?”
“Your Majesty,” Spitfire looked at Cozy Glow, “I serve as the governer of the autonomous territory because the residents of Stratusburg trust me and believe that I will serve the Empire wholeheartedly, for your Majesty, not for money.”
“Yes, Spitfire, you are right.” Bribery failed, so Cozy Glow continued, “But these rewards are not just for the governer. I am considering raising the subsidy ratio of Stratusburg to 7%. Spitfire, what do you think of this proposal? Or 10%?”
“Your Majesty,” Spitfire shook her head again, “Stratusburg is relatively small, and what it lacks most is the labor force. The conscription affects our contribution to the Empire’s construction cause, which cannot be compensated by a few percents of the subsidy.”

“Let’s not talk about this for now,” the Empress’s tone revealed her suppressed anger, “You are invited to this meeting by me, so I will protect your safety. But the current situation is very dangerous. You should be careful. You know, maybe one day, in Stratusburg, something unexpected will happen. Like you being assassinated by the Resistance.”
Spitfire heard the Empress’s meaning but still smiled and replied, “Thank you for your concern! I will carry weapons with me to protect my safety. Even if I accident happen to me, my comrades from the ‘Free Stratusburg’ will quickly find out the murderer and make them pay. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, this is our principle. Even the ‘Resistance’ in Canterlot will not be an exception.” With that, Spitfire straightened her clothes and inadvertently revealed the weapons in her side bag — although they had been checked by the Empire, this still made the Empress subconsciously take a few steps back.

Cozy Glow’s fright was obviously seen, she fell silent for a long time, took a sip of tea to calm down, “Spitfire. You can go now.”
“Thank you, Your Majesty. So... conclusion about the conscription?” Spitfire continued to pat her side bag.
“Stratusburg not only doesn’t need conscription, I will also reward your loyalty,” Cozy Glow the Empress said tremblingly, “Cart of gold coins for the Mayor, Stratusburg’s subsidy, and independence after the war, I will give them all to you.”
[zh.@o0]
“诶？” 连喷火也有些意外。
[en.@o0]
“Eh?” Even Spitfire was a little surprised.
