[zh.@]
会谈记录：雨晴
[en.@]
Talk Record: Rain Shine
[zh.@desc]
由于调查组无法找到足够多对那段时期以及繁花的资料，秋烨与调查组找到了前任领袖雨晴，询问那时的情况。
雨晴说，繁花在任职货运局局长期间工作尽职尽责，她没有注意到有什么异常，她也并不相信繁花会有走私的可能。
关于§2繁花§!，雨晴说她记得繁花辞职的原因这是因为想§2回到家乡照顾她的妹妹§!，而不是外界所传的政治分歧或阴谋。繁花与雨晴的争吵也仅仅是因为雨晴尝试挽留，而繁花坚持要离开。
关于§2解除“静默”期间稚马之息的管理问题§!，雨晴自己也记不太清楚了，可能是由南都负责，但她也非常不确定。
秋烨给雨晴展示了调查组与其他麒麟的会谈记录，雨晴看完后认为这些怀疑对象都是§2她重点提拔的有能力的麒麟§!，她§2不相信他们中的任何一个会有走私或者保护走私的可能§!。
雨晴建议秋烨，再仔细调查这些会谈记录中出现的疑点以及各个麒麟的言论的§2矛盾之处§!，而不是草率地下结论。

[en.@desc]
As the investigation team was unable to find enough data on that period and on Blossom Burst, Autumn Blaze and the investigation team found the former leader Rain Shine and asked her about the situation at that time.
Rain Shine said that Blossom Burst worked diligently during her tenure as the Director of Kirin Commune Freight Bureau, and she did not notice anything unusual. She also did not believe that Blossom Burst could have been involved in smuggling.
Regarding §2Blossom Burst§!, Rain Shine said she remembered the reason Blossom Burst resigned was because she wanted to return to her hometown to §2take care of her sister§!, rather than the political differences or conspiracies that were rumored. The argument between Blossom Burst and Rain Shine was only because Rain Shine tried to retain her, while Blossom Burst insisted on leaving.
Regarding §2the management of the foal’s breath during the “Silent” period§!, Rain Shine herself did not remember clearly, it might be the responsibility of Nan Du, but she was very uncertain either.
Autumn Blaze showed Rain Shine the talk records of the investigation team with other Kirins. After reading them, Rain Shine believed that these suspects were all §2capable Kirins she had promoted§!, and she §2did not believe that any of them would be involved in smuggling or protecting smuggling§!.
Rain Shine suggested Autumn Blaze to carefully investigate the doubts in the talk records and the §2contradictions in the statements§! of different Kirins, rather than hastily drawing conclusions.

[zh.@o0]
谢谢您，领袖
[en.@o0]
Thank you, Leader
