[zh.@]
§g“不怀念狮鹫帝国终结的没有良心，渴望它回归的没有脑子。”§!

狮鹫帝国曾拥有着几乎五分之四的狮鹫尼加大陆。狮鹫们团结在博瑞斯金像与伟大的狮鹫皇帝格罗弗一世之下，将天空与荣耀收入翅中。只可惜，那些生活在民族自豪感中的狮鹫臣民们自己也从未意识到，他们引以为傲的对帝国的忠诚，从一开始便只是徒有其表的幻象。只需要一点点小小的助力，狮鹫们就能认识到自己心中真正的野望。
一只独行的独眼巨人轻易地绕过了小马利亚世界无可匹敌天下第一的狮鹫帝国军队，在皇宫守卫毫无防备的情况下发起袭击，抢走了象征着帝国权力的博瑞斯金像，并将末代皇帝古托打成了重伤。狮鹫们群情激奋，纷纷走上街头，要求全军出动为皇帝报仇、夺回金像。整个狮鹫帝国空前地团结与愤怒，誓要扫平整个世界 — 但那樽金像与那野兽就像是幻影一般，消失得无影无踪。
无处发泄的狮鹫们持续地游行着，一天，两天，一周，两周，一月，两月... 老皇帝在抑郁中病逝，游行变成了暴乱，军队变成了阴谋篡位者，贵族们互相指责对方的无能，或是指控谁勾结独眼巨人私藏了金像。不出一年，持续数百年的狮鹫帝国轰然倒塌，只剩下被无数狮鹫领主瓜分的王国。那些狮鹫在民众面前表现出了和平与团结，组成了议会。但在紧闭的议会大门后，他们却在会议上大打出手，甚至是街头火并、暗杀、抑或是代理战争... 狮鹫们对金像与权力的渴望激发出了他们内心最黑暗的一面，让他们最终意识到，狮鹫的忠诚对象，从来只有自己。
最终，已经失去一切骄傲与荣耀的狮鹫们找回了他们的金像 — 但那已经不再重要了。那樽金像从未被盗走，独眼巨人刚刚离开皇宫，就意外失足落入皇宫门前的悬崖，摔得粉身碎骨。那樽金像就静静地躺在悬崖下的岩石上，任由河水冲刷。
狮鹫们尝试重新昂起胸膛，但他们所丢失的无数生命与数百年时光已经一去不返：新的霸主已经在狮鹫尼加的废墟上崛起，他们将不得不向那东方的巨兽卑躬屈膝。

[en.@]
§g“He who doesn't regret the end of the Griffon Empire has no heart. He who wishes for its return has no brain.”§!

The Griffon Empire once held nearly four-fifths of the continent of Griffonica. The griffons united under the Idol of Bores and the great Griffon Emperor Grover the First, making the sky and glory their possession. Unfortunately, the griffon subjects who lived in national pride never realized that from the very beginning, their loyalty to the empire, which they were particularly proud of, was merely an illusion. With just a little push, the griffons could realize their true ambitions.
A lone Arimaspi easily bypassed the world’s number one army, the invincible Griffon Empire Army, and launched a suprise attack on the palace guards, stealing the Idol of Bores, and severely injuring the last emperor, Guto. The griffons were outraged and took to the streets, demanding that the entire army be mobilized to avenge the emperor and retrieve the idol. The whole Griffon Empire was united and furious like never before, determined to sweep the world clean — but the idol and the beast vanished like a mirage.
With nowhere to vent their anger, the griffons continued to march, day after day, week after week, month after month... The old emperor fell ill and died of depression, the marches turned into riots, the army became conspirators for usurpation, nobles accused each other of incompetence or of colluding with the Arimaspi to hide the idol. Within a year, the Griffon Empire, which had lasted for hundreds of years, collapsed with a crash, leaving only kingdoms divided by countless Griffon lords. The griffons showed peace and unity in front of the public and formed a council. Yet behind the closed doors of the council, they fought fiercely in meetings, even street fights, assassinations, or proxy wars... The griffons’ desire for the idol and power brought out the darkest side of their hearts, making them realize that the only object of their loyalty was themselves.
In the end, the griffons, who had lost all pride and glory, found their idol back — even though it no longer mattered. The idol had never been stolen; the Arimaspi, after leaving the palace, accidentally lost his footing and fell off the cliff in front of the palace, shattering into pieces. The idol lay quietly on the rocks at the bottom of the cliff, washed by the river water.
The griffons tried to hold their heads high again, but the countless lives and hundreds of years of time they had lost were gone forever: a new hegemon had risen from the ruins of Griffonica, and they would have to bow to that eastern giant.