[zh.@]
《阴云纪事》
[en.@]
“Dark Cloud Chronicle”

[zh.@desc]
书中描述，麒麟并非自古以来一直是面向陆地的农耕文明，在南方海岸，古代麒麟曾经一度建立过面向海洋的贸易文明。南洋的麒麟主要与奥尼西亚王国进行贸易，再由奥尼西亚王国转运货物到世界各地。
然而，贸易带来的繁荣并未持续太久。一日，南洋码头的渔民们发现了奇异的天象：对面的奥尼西亚王国上空被浓浓的黑云笼罩，雷雨交加。很快，麒麟们发现奥尼西亚停止了与麒麟的贸易，从此失去了联系。几只出海前往奥尼西亚查看情况的船只进入那团黑云后也杳无音信。贸易的停止让一度繁荣的南洋麒麟也失去了生计，他们举族内迁，重新回到了农耕生活中。
为了解释造成这一切的奇异天象，南洋的麒麟们创造了一个神话故事：在天空中居住着一只形似猕猴的神祇，掌管着雷电，加冕自己为皇帝。奥尼西亚王国因为触怒了这位雷电皇帝才招致报复。他们将这个神话和那时的历史一同编撰成《阴云纪事》，向后世麒麟文明警告贸易文明的脆弱性，宣传重农抑商的理念。

§b“雷皇，色如玄，目如镜，毛角长三尺，状如六畜，似弥猴。” ——《阴云纪事》原文§!

[en.@desc]
In the books’ narrative, Kirins have not always been a land-based agricultural civilization since ancient times. On the southern coast, ancient Kirins once established a maritime trade civilization. The Kirins in the south mainly traded with the Ornithia Kingdom, which then transported goods to various parts of the world.
However, the prosperity brought by trade did not last long. One day, the fisherponies at the southern ocean dock discovered a strange celestial phenomenon: the sky above the Ornithia Kingdom was shrouded in thick black clouds, with thunder and lightning. Soon, the Kirins found that Ornithia had stopped trading with the Kirins and lost contact with them. Several ships that set sail to Ornithia to investigate the situation disappeared without a trace after entering the black cloud. The cessation of trade also deprived the once prosperous southern Kirins of their livelihood, and they one by one migrated back to agricultural life.
To explain the strange celestial phenomenon that caused all this, the Kirins in the south created a myth: a god resembling a macaque lived in the sky, presiding over thunder and lightning, and crowned himself as the Emperor. The Ornithia Kingdom incurred retaliation because they angered this Emperor of Thunder. They compiled this myth and the history of that time into the “Dark Cloud Chronicle”, warning future Kirin civilizations of the fragility of trade civilization and promoting the idea of prioritizing agriculture over commerce.

§b“The Emperor of Thunder, dark as the night’s ink, with eyes akin to mirrors reflecting unseen depths. His fur, three feet ’i length, and horns twisted ’i a blend of six creatures’ forms, bore the likeness of a macaque.” — Original text of the “Dark Cloud Chronicle”§!

[zh.@o0]
有趣
[en.@o0]
Interesting
