[zh.@]
漏网
[en.@]
A Leaking Net
[zh.@desc]
联合指挥部内，乐天派正在对着地图指定针对防区的突袭计划。根据报告27-B.0a，他需要制定前往女皇山和圣光流镇两种方案的路线，因此他召开了一场会议，除国家安全部长双钻因边防事宜缺席外，代理海军部长羽波和空军部长夜翔都到了场。

当问到防区布防情况时，夜翔率先开了口：“我得承认，防区的兵简直是来郊游的。我在天上看了一圈，方圆十里有十几个哨站，有小马驻守的只有一半不到！威胁力还不如路边的几个大坑。”

虽然是代理海军部长，可羽波毕竟只是陆军部兼任的，因此他和陆军部一起出任务，也有话可说：“这可不止，驻扎在哨站的边巡队十有八九在整天喝酒，甚至有的还跟侦察天马打起来，还别说，那场面还挺精彩的！”

“哈！越过他们的边境就和回家一样简单，可惜我们的行动规模不能太大，要不然和煦光流的兵来了可不好。”

乐天派又问：“军火库和军工厂的情况呢？我猜猜，和边境一样‘防守严密’？”

夜翔回答：“还真是，我和羽波看过了，两个地方都几乎没有防备，守军要么吃要么睡，几乎没有威胁。”

乐天派思考了一会，然后跳了起来：“我计划好了！行动定在晚上，我和羽波带一队去解决守卫和警戒，夜翔带着天马们赶在天亮前把军火或机床搬空了，切记要快！”

“等到天亮的时候他们发现东西不见了怎么办？”

“你说剪剪蜗蜗？就他们那胆子，大概会跟和煦光流说‘运输过程中丢了’吧。”
[en.@desc]
Inside the Joint Command Headquarters, Party Favor was pointing at the map and discussing the raid plan against the EEMD Jurisdiction. According to Report 27-B.0a, he needed to plan the routes to Empress Cozy Glow’s arsenal and the military factory in Saint Glow Town. Therefore, he called a meeting. Acting Head of Navy, Feather Bangs, and Acting Head of Airforce, Night Glider, were present. Double Diamond, the Head of Security, was absent due to border affairs.

When asked about the defense situation in the EEMD, Night Glider spoke first, “I have to say, these soldiers in the EEMD are like they are on a field trip. I flew around and saw that there are more than a dozen outposts within a ten-mile radius, but over half of them are empty! They are less threatening than the potholes on the road.”

Feather Bangs, although acting as the Acting Head of Navy, was originally from the Army, so he had something to say when he went on a mission with the Army, “That’s not all. The border patrols stationed at the outposts are mostly drinking all day. Some even fight with the reconnaissance pegasi. I have to say, it’s quite a spectacle!”

“Ha! I bet crossing their border is as easy as going home. It’s a pity that we can’t have a large-scale operation to avoid the troops of Cozy Glow.”

Party Favor then asked, “What about the arsenal and the military factory? I guess they are as ‘well-defended’ as the border?”

Night Glider replied, “Indeed, Feather Bangs and I have checked them. There is almost no defense at both places. The garrison is either eating or sleeping, with almost no threat.”

Party Favor thought for a moment and then jumped in excitement, “I’ve got a plan! The operation will be carried out at night. Feather Bangs and I will take a team to deal with the guards and patrols. Night Glider will take the pegasi to empty the arsenal or the machines before dawn. Remember to be quick!”

“What if they find out that things are missing when it’s daylight?”

“You mean Snips and Snails? With their cowardice, they will probably tell Cozy Glow that they ‘lost them during transportation.’”
[zh.@o0]
三只小马不约而同笑了起来，会议室充满了快活的空气。
[en.@o0]
The three ponies laughed together in cheerful atmosphere.
