[zh.@]
日志 I.3
[en.@]
Log I.3

[zh.@desc]
• 1月12日
研究记录1：根据矿工的描述，这面墙确实有着最§2完美的反射，无论是光线、力还是物体§!。我们从未发现过如此§2坚硬而光滑§!的物质，我开始怀疑这并不是由水晶组成的。
• 1月13日
研究记录2：我使用了目前所能申请到的最坚硬的钻头，也无法在其上产生哪怕一小道划痕。同时，我进行了一些光学实验，反射率接近100%，远超过我们的测量精度。不过在更进一步的实验之前... 上报钻头损坏一个。
• 1月14日
研究记录3：在尝试修复钻头时，我无意间靠近了墙壁，修复工具上的磁铁的异常现象值得注意。无论我将磁铁的南极还是北极靠近墙壁，都呈现出排斥效果。构成墙壁的物质可能具有§2强抗磁性§!。
• 1月29日
研究记录4：语音录入测试，语音录入测试，语音录入测试。啊！我终于回来了！感谢那两只小马！我都不敢相信我为什么能这么长时间不说话的。现在再回看我当时的实验日志，看来雨晴曾经的警告是对的，静默溪水不仅只会让麒麟无法说话，也会§2压抑我们的情感、抑制表达欲§!，甚至连我写的研究记录都这么死板。这真的是我写出来的东西吗？唔... 不过现在看来我似乎和这里有点格格不入，只有我这一只来自险崇峰的麒麟才获得了那种什么为数不多的呼吸花。狭关这里地处偏远，大部分麒麟都还生活在“静默”中。既然他们现在没心情说话，我就先把所有我想说的录进实验日志来好了。现在终于可以用语音录入了，不用再用羽毛笔写了，太好了。哦对了，正事！我都快忘了之前对这面镜子水晶墙的研究了... 强抗磁性？哈，有趣。
• 1月30日
研究记录5：语音录入测试，语音录入测试，语音录入测试。我在山洞里面自言自语，这面墙也不出意外有着完美的回声，显得这里格外的空旷。§2完美的回声，完美的反射，完美的硬度，强抗磁性...§! 嘿，等等，我好像有一个大胆的猜想，让我试一下... 是的，这面墙也§2不存在摩擦§!。泼水以后水滴会直线下滑，事实上我早该注意到山洞顶的滴水的...
这面墙实在是太有趣了，这让我好奇它的边界究竟在哪里，如果我们凿开两侧的岩石，这面墙会向两侧延伸么？至少在这个位置的地表我们没有遇到这样的东西，所以说明这面墙还是有边界的。不过开凿整个边界有些成本太高了，我先试试其他的实验吧。

[en.@desc]
- January 12
Research log 1: According to the miner’s description, this wall does have the most §2perfect reflection, whether it is light, force, or objects§!. We have never found such a §2hard and smooth§! substance, and I began to doubt that it is not composed of crystals.
- January 13
Research log 2: I used the hardest drill bit currently available, and I could not even produce even a small scratch on it. At the same time, I conducted some optical experiments, and the reflectance was close to 100%, far exceeding our measurement accuracy. However, before further experiments... reported one drill bit damaged.
- January 14
Research log 3: When trying to repair the drill bit, I accidentally approached the wall, and the abnormal phenomenon of the magnet on the repair tool is worth noting. No matter whether I put the south pole or the north pole of the magnet near the wall, it shows a repulsive effect. The substance that makes up the wall may have §2strong diamagnetic§! properties.
- January 29
Research log 4: Voice input test, voice input test, voice input test. Ah! I’m finally back! Thanks to those two ponies! I can’t believe why I managed to keep silent for so long. Now looking back at what I was writing in the experimental log at that time, it seems that Rain Shine’s warning was correct, the Stream of Silence not only makes the Kirins unable to speak, but also §2suppresses our emotions, inhibits the desire to express§!, and even makes my research records so rigid and boring. Did I really wrote these things? Hmm... Anyway, now that I’m the only Kirin here from the Peaks of Peril, who got that breath flower or something, I seem to be a bit out of place here. The Narrow Gate is remote and most Kirins are still living in the “Silence”. If no one is in the mood to talk now, I’ll just record everything I want to say in the experimental log. Now I can finally use voice input, no more writing with a quill, that’s great. Oh, right, the main thing! I almost forgot the previous research on this mirror crystal wall... Strong diamagnetism? Ha, interesting.
- January 30
Research log 5: Voice input test, voice input test, voice input test. I’m talking to myself in the cave, and this wall also has a perfect echo, making it particularly empty here. §2Perfect echo, perfect reflection, perfect hardness, strong diamagnetism...§! Hey, wait, I seem to have a bold guess, let me try it... Yes, this wall also has §2no friction§!. After splashing water, the water droplets will slide straight down, in fact, I should have noticed the dripping on the top of the cave earlier...
This wall is really interesting, which makes me curious about where its boundary is. If we chisel the rocks on both sides, will this wall extend to both sides? At least we have not encountered such a thing on the surface at this location, so it shows that this wall still has a boundary. However, the cost of chiseling the entire boundary is too high, I will try other experiments first.


[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m Done

[zh.@o1]
上一页
[en.@o1]
Prev Page

