[zh.@]
僧达克的结局
[en.@]
Sendak’s End

[zh.@desc]
“你知道吗，秋烨。过去的几百年间，我一直认为背叛我的提雷克是我最大的仇敌，但现在，我不这样认为了。”
“你与提雷克一样，都是我培养出的最出色的学徒。你们的背叛，无论我多么厌恶这一点，都是我成功培养的证明。即使我已经没有机会取得掌控世界的权力，至少我可以预见到，你和提雷克，将会带着我的名字，在历史中留下。”
“我们都是一样的。所以，我也不会再劝说你什么了。”

“不，我与你和提雷克不是一样的。” 秋烨打断了僧达克。“你所做的一切是为了自己的权力欲，而我所做的只是为了保护麒麟同族。即使我们都是黑魔法的使用者，我们之间的区别是巨大的。”
“虽然我并不想与你为敌，说实话，我真的很不希望我们的合作关系就此终结了。我们还有很多东西没有搞明白，比如上次” 秋烨还在滔滔不绝，但僧达克只是站在原地，倾听着。“但在这个时候，我别无选择，你想必也明白的吧。我也不会后悔。我们之间是合作关系，而不是单方面的付出，所以我们也不亏欠你什么，你说是吧？不过，斯科潘只点名要求了你，所以你的教徒们还有机会可以离开这里，让他们离开吧。”
当剩下的半人马教徒们都走出教廷向外面的军队投降后，僧达克走上前，对秋烨说：
“对了，最后一件事，《歌剧魅影》，你的剧本写得很好，我很喜欢。”
[en.@desc]
“Do you know, Autumn Blaze, for the past few centuries, I have always thought that Tirek, who betrayed me, was my greatest enemy, but now, I don’t think like that anymore.”
“You and Tirek, the most outstanding protégés I have ever trained. Your betrayal, no matter how much I hate it, is proof of my successful training. Even though I no longer have the opportunity to gain the power to control the world, at least I can foresee that you and Tirek will have a place in history book, carrying my name.”
“We are all the same. So, I won’t persuade you anymore.”

“No, I am not the same as you and Tirek.” Autumn Blaze interrupted Sendak. “Everything you did was for your own desire for power, while all I did was to protect the Kirin. Even though we are both users of black magic, the difference between us is huge.”
“Although I don’t want to be your enemy, to be honest, I really don’t want our cooperation to end here. There are still many things we haven’t figured out, like last time.” Autumn Blaze was still talking, but Sendak just stood there, listening. “But at this moment, I have no choice, you must understand that. I won’t regret it. Our relationship is a partnership, not a one-sided effort, so we don’t owe you anything, do we? However, Scorpan only named you, so your followers still have a chance to leave here, you should let them go.”
After the remaining centaur followers walked out of the Church and surrendered to the army outside, Sendak walked up to Autumn Blaze and said:
“Oh, one more thing, ‘The Phantom of the Opera’. Your script was very well-written, I like it very much.”

[zh.@o0]
我别无选择
[en.@o0]
I have no choice
