[zh.@]
内部圈子
[en.@]
The Inner Circle
[zh.@desc]
当我们再次找到青草谈话时，他很爽快地承认了他知道这个所谓“俱乐部”的存在，但他并不是其中的成员。“我只是一名农业专家，植物学家，或者科学家，我并不够格‘内部圈子’的一员。但是由于稚马之息的缘故，‘内部圈子’经常会找我帮忙。”
当秋烨询问青草，“内部圈子”的领导者是谁时，青草沉默了许久没有回答。随后，他突然开始与秋烨讨论起了植物学的问题：“当你看到花苞开放时，你会不会好奇，它的营养是从哪里来的？”
秋烨被着突如其来的问题弄得一头雾水，但青草却继续说道：“你会怀疑是枝茎，但他们只是负责运输；你会怀疑是根系，但他们只是负责建设；你会怀疑是叶片，但他们只是负责保护。你甚至可能会怀疑是周围的绿草，但他们与花苞毫无关系。”
秋烨似乎明白了：“你是说... 营养不是来自他们中的任何一个，而是来自他们所有的合作？可是我们调查过了，没有任何一个官员有能力同时渗透这么多的部门，将这些麒麟组织起来——”
“不是”，青草打断了秋烨的话，§2“植物生长的营养，来自那高高挂在天上的太阳，如今已经夕阳西下，所以你才没有注意到她。又或者，你已经习惯了每天都是晴天，从而有意忽略了她？”§!

[en.@desc]
When we found Grass-Green again, he readily admitted that he knew about the existence of this so-called “club”, but he was not a member of it. “I am just an agricultural expert, a botanist, or a scientist, I am not qualified to be a member of the ‘Inner Circle’. But because of foal’s breath, the ‘Inner Circle’ often asks me for help.”
When Autumn Blaze asked Grass-Green who the leader of the “Inner Circle” was, Grass-Green remained silent for a long time without answering. Then, he suddenly began to discuss botanical issues with Autumn Blaze: “When you see a blossom bud open, do you ever wonder where its nutrients come from?”
Autumn Blaze was puzzled by the sudden question, but Grass-Green continued: “You might suspect the stems, but they are only responsible for transportation; you might suspect the roots, but they are only responsible for construction; you might suspect the leaves, but they are only responsible for protection. You might even suspect grass around it, but they have nothing to do with the blossom bud.”
Autumn Blaze seemed to understand: “You mean... the nutrients do not come from any of them, but from all of them working together? Wait, we have investigated all of them, and no official has the ability to infiltrate so many departments at the same time, and organize these Kirins togther to commit —”
“No,” Grass-Green interrupted Autumn Blaze, §2“The nutrients for plant growth eventually come from the sun high in the sky, which is now setting in the dusk. That’s why you didn’t notice her. Or, you have become accustomed to the shine, so you deliberately ignored her?”§!

[zh.@o0]
... 怎么会是... 雨晴？
[en.@o0]
... How could it be... Rain Shine?

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
我们获得了 §Y青草的魔法密码§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
We obtained §YGrass-Green’s magic password§!
