[zh.@]
被遗忘的哨所：大厅
[en.@]
Lost Outpost: The Dome
[zh.@desc]
支撑结构加固完毕，科考队顺利进入哨所。

里面已经好久没有小马打理过了，到处都很杂乱，甚至还有水渗出，又流到门口滴入悬崖下。向着山体那面墙上有一个小门，不过锁上了。地上散落着许多文件，大部分已经被水渗透了。少数未受损的文件用古小马语作成，其中一篇日志部分受损，不过仍有部分价值：

“...陆马不给粮食了，司令派我们探索冰川。在这里我们发现了一些似乎不属于小马的建筑——这个哨所。最初这里有许多语言不明的资料，不过我们现在都努力翻译成了小马语。这里面的资料远比我们想象中更加神奇。但是我们时间快来不及了，我们没有足够的时间破译这些... 最近司令派了几个科学家，似乎是要研究什么东西用来打仗？还叫我们往山里挖个地方用来研究，真烦，为什么不抓几只陆马挖... 天呐，这将是有史以来最伟大的发现，时间再多一点... 那些怪物来了，司令让我们销毁所有安达卢西亚语资料，并带走所有的翻译资料，但是没有陆马我们大概率是驮不动它们的... 我们不得不放弃哨所和全部研究成果...”

余下的部分以难以辨认。日记中提到这里正在进行研究，指的应该就是那个上锁的门。现在剩下一个房间煤气，门后面在渗水，似乎有什么东西？
[en.@desc]
After the support structure was reinforced, the expedition team successfully entered the outpost.

It has been a long time since anypony has taken care of this place. It is very messy everywhere, and even water is seeping out, flowing to the door and dripping into the cliff. There is a small door on the wall facing the mountain, but it is locked. Many documents are scattered on the ground, most of which have been infiltrated by water. A few undamaged documents are written in ancient pony characters, and a log is partially damaged but still valuable:

“... The earth ponies stopped giving us food, and the Commander sent us to explore the glacier. Here we found some buildings that seemed not to belong to ponies — this outpost. Initially, there were many documents in an unknown language, but we have now managed to translate them into pony language. The information inside is far more magical than we imagined. But we are running out of time, and we don’t have enough time to decipher these... Recently, the Commander sent several scientists, who seem to be studying something for war? He also asked us to dig a place in the mountains for research, which is annoying. Why not catch some earth ponies to dig... Oh on the sake of Pegasi, this will be the greatest discovery in history, if only we had more time... The monsters are coming, and the Commander asked us to destroy all the Andalusian materials and take away all the translated materials, but without earth ponies, we probably can’t carry them all... We have to abandon the outpost and all our research progress...”

The remaining part is unrecognizable. The diary mentions that research is being conducted here, which should refer to the locked door. Now there is only one room left, and water is seeping behind the door. What could be there?
[zh.@o0]
回收一下资料，然后开门吧。
[en.@o0]
TODO
