[zh.@]
不那么熟悉的家乡
[en.@]
ownership of the two sisters’ castle
[zh.@desc]
苹果丽丽踏下列车，她闭上双眼，尽力寻找着苹果的芬芳。自从终末之战后她离开这里，与她的朋友可爱童子军们结伴寻找对抗女皇的办法，至今已经过去许多年了，而她也从一个跟和煦光流年纪相仿的幼驹成长为了可以独当一面的年轻雌驹。在密林深处或战场前沿进行游击战的日日夜夜里，她一直幻想着这一刻的到来。苹果丽丽从报纸上了解到一些新闻，没有赶上火岩派和云母的葬礼是有些遗憾。她还记得他们如何把自己当作亲生孙女对待，以及好吃的岩糖和岩饼……不过现在也不算迟。家乡仍然像她记忆中的模样，只不过增添了许多高楼，街上悬挂着的不再是苹果鲁萨的旗帜，而是她的石青姐姐的标记。她感到有些陌生，但仍然可以接受。她想给石青姐姐一个惊喜，没有提前告知自己的行踪。石青派姐姐是她少数谈得上最亲的亲戚了。虽然苹果丽丽更喜欢萍琪派姐姐一些，但一想起这些略有悲伤的往事，就让她不愿继续回忆。战争胜利了。如果萍琪派姐姐还在某个地方，如果她还能听见这里的消息，她一定会为自己感到高兴吧。

苹果丽丽在街上随意漫步着，有些小马认出她来，朝她挥舞着自己的蹄子，没想到自己什么时候也成为了一个战争英雄，苹果丽丽苦笑着。几名身穿制服的小马看见自己后便匆忙朝政府大楼跑去了，苹果丽丽噗嗤一声笑了出来，看来，自己的惊喜是藏不住了。就在她好奇的打量自己家乡的变化时，一个蹄子猛然将她拉入街边的一角。是一张严肃而温情的面孔。苹果丽丽认了出来，是莫丝清香，她的苹果家族远亲之一。


[en.@desc]
Apple Bloom stepped off the train, closing her eyes and trying to catch the lingering scent of apples. Since the final war, she had left this place, journeying with her friends — the adorable scouts — in search of ways to resist the Empress. Many years had passed since then, and she had grown from a foal her age into a capable young mare, able to handle herself independently.

Through countless days and nights of guerrilla fighting deep in the forests or on the frontlines, she had always imagined this moment arriving.

Apple Bloom had read some news in the papers. She regretted missing Igneous Rock Pie’s and Cloudy Quartz’s funerals, but she still remembered them fondly — how they treated her like a granddaughter, and the delicious rock candy and rock cakes…

Yet it wasn’t too late. Her hometown still resembled her memories, though with many new skyscrapers. The streets no longer bore the flags of Appleloosa, but instead displayed the mark of her sister, Limestone Pie. It felt unfamiliar, yet acceptable.

She wanted to surprise Limestone Pie without revealing her whereabouts in advance. Limestone was one of the few relatives she still felt truly close to. Although Apple Bloom liked Pinkie Pie even more, those sorrowful memories were hard to revisit. The war had been won. If Pinkie Pie was still somewhere out there, if news from home could still reach her, she would surely be proud.

Apple Bloom wandered casually through the streets. Some ponies recognized her and waved their hooves — she hadn’t realized she had also become a war hero. Apple Bloom smiled wryly.

A few uniformed ponies spotted her and hurriedly ran toward the government building. Apple Bloom let out a soft chuckle; it seemed her surprise was no longer a secret.

As she curiously took in the changes of her hometown, a hoof suddenly grabbed her, pulling her into a quiet corner of the street. It was a serious yet warm face.

Apple Bloom recognized her: Mossy Scent, one of her distant relatives from the Apple Pie family.

[zh.@o0]
莫丝清香将苹果丽丽带到了自己的家中
[en.@o0]
Mossy Scent led Apple Lily into her home.

