[zh.@]
不速之客
[en.@]
Unexpected Guest
[zh.@desc]
苹果嘉儿港的集市是麒麟社群中最热闹的地方，甚至超过了首都险崇峰。在这里你能看到各种各样的麒麟、小马、狮鹫、化茧幻形灵，甚至还有一些偷偷来销赃的帝国官员。
商船进进出出，每一艘都意味着数不尽的财富和机会。相比于叫卖吆喝的声音，这里你更常听到的是金币从袋中倾泻而出、发展债券被拍在木头桌子上、货物从木船上滑下、成交后老板们击蹄、拍肩或是点燃烟斗的声音。一次这样的交易，对于麒麟之森的那些独居麒麟来说，可能就是一生的财富。

隐匿在穿行的巨型货船之间，一只小木船悄悄地靠岸。几只身着斗篷，完全看不见面相的小马从船上走下，自动排成了两列，跟随着他们的领头者——一只拄着拐杖的斗篷小马，向码头更远的集市走去。一路上，他们时不时驻足观看，看着那些老板叼着烟斗靠在货物上，与本地的麒麟们谈着生意。不过，他们似乎更关心的，是那些用他们发着光的角搬运货物的年轻麒麟伙计。斗篷队伍最终在集市里的一家小门店前停下，这里的招牌是“麒麟搬运”。
领头者站在门口用拐杖敲了两下地，听到声音，一位麒麟店老板很快就开门迎了上来。看到后面的斗篷小马们，她的生意眼睛立刻亮了起来：“哟！这么大的阵仗！一瞅就是外地来的大老板！您有不少货要搬吧？我们店里的小伙子，魔力都是麒麟族里面顶尖的，几艘船的货物，几个小时就能搬完！看您是大老板，以后和我们小店长期合作，我给您打个折吧！您看怎么样？我们在全国都有分店，就算您去柔柔港或者是险崇峰，我们都能给您提供最好的服务！”

从斗篷下那深邃不可见的黑暗中，领头者苍老而又厚重的声音终于响起：“魔力？看来很符合我的期待。” 领头者缓缓摘下斗篷的兜帽——
是一只半人马。
[en.@desc]
The Applejack Harbour market is the most lively place in the Kirin community, even more so than the capital Peaks of Peril. Here you can see all kinds of Kirins, ponies, griffons, metamorphosed changelings, and even some imperial officials who come to sell stolen goods.
Merchant ships come and go, each one representing countless wealth and opportunities. Compared to the shouting and yelling, here you are more likely to hear the sound of coins pouring out of bags, development bonds being slapped on wooden tables, goods sliding off wooden ships, bosses hooves clapping, shoulders patting, or pipes being lit. Such a transaction, for those solitary Kirins in the Kirin Forest, may be a lifetime of wealth.

Hidden among the giant cargo ships, a small wooden boat quietly docked. Several cloaked ponies, whose faces were completely covered, walked down from the ship and automatically lined up in two rows, following their leader - a cloaked pony with a cane, walking towards the market further away from the dock. Along the way, they stopped from time to time to watch the bosses leaning on the goods with their pipes, talking business with the local Kirins. However, they seemed more interested in the young Kirin nomads who were carrying the goods with their glowing horns. The cloaked team finally stopped in front of a small shop in the market, with a sign that read “Kirin Movers”.
The leader stood at the door and knocked twice with his cane. Hearing the sound, a Kirin shopkeeper quickly opened the door and greeted them. Seeing the cloaked ponies behind him, her business eyes immediately lit up: “Oh! Such a big lineup! Just one glance, and I know you are a big boss from out of town! You have a lot of goods to move, right? The magic of the young Kirins in our shop is top-notch in the Kirin commune. The goods of several ships can be moved in a few hours! Since you are a big boss, we seek to form a long-term partnership with you, and I will give you a huge discount! What do you think? We have branches all over the country, so even if you go to Fluttershy Harbour or Peaks of Peril, we can provide you with the best service!”

From the deep, invisible darkness under the cloak, the old and heavy voice of the leader finally sounded: “Magic? That’s exactly what I expected.” The leader slowly took off the hood of the cloak —
It was a centaur.
[zh.@o0]
警戒！
[en.@o0]
Alert!
