[zh.@]
纪念特丽克西
[en.@]
In Memory of Trixie
[zh.@desc]
星光军队进入小马谷的那晚，小马谷下起了瓢泼大雨。特丽克西死亡后，小马谷的守军没有任何反抗，星光军队轻而易举地占领了小马谷。
小马谷的居民大多欢迎着星光熠熠和联合抵抗组织的军队，但也有许多小马默不作声。他们当然对星光没有意见，只是他们还怀念特丽克西——星光又何尝不是呢？但她忍住了，没有哭出来。

当晚，在小马谷，抵抗组织的士兵与居民们一起庆祝着胜利，但星光与双钻却没有出席。
双钻清楚，帝国的军队就在稚马山脉严阵以待，明天他们就将得知小马谷的消息。「绿灯」行动的最后一枚炸弹还没有找到。双钻正在一边安排小马谷的防御部署，一边尽可能地搜寻炸弹的下落。
而星光，将她自己反锁在了市政厅，前公爵特丽克西的办公室内，只是看着窗外的雨水，就这样坐了一晚。但她忍住了，没有哭出来。

§b“我不乞求你的原谅，但请将我埋葬在我们初次相遇的地方吧...”§!
第二日清晨，在还未完全停止的细雨中，星光熠熠为特丽克西举办了一场不大但是隆重的葬礼，将特丽克西运往小马谷水疗馆。
眼前，小马谷水疗馆已经关门停业，而星光熠熠却幻觉般似乎看得到顾客进进出出。走进水疗馆，她看到曾经自己与特丽克西躺在一起，敷着面膜，聊着天。那是她们的第一次相遇。但她忍住了，没有哭出来。

一只小马拍了拍星光熠熠的，星光熠熠眼前的幻觉消失了，她转过身，是双钻：
“星光，我们在水疗馆外面的花园里... 下葬特丽克西的时候... 我们发现了... 那枚炸弹。”
星光熠熠最终还是没能忍住。
[en.@desc]
The night the Starlight Army entered Ponyville, it was pouring rain. After Trixie’s death, the Ponyville garrison offered no resistance, and the Starlight Army easily occupied Ponyville.
Most of the residents of Ponyville welcomed the Starlight Army and the United Resistance’s troops, but many remained silent. They had no problem with Starlight of course, but they still missed Trixie — so did Starlight. But she held her tears back.

That night, in Ponyville, the soldiers of the Resistance and the residents celebrated the victory together, but Starlight and Double Diamond were absent.
Double Diamond knew that the Empire’s army was waiting in the Foal Mountains, and they would learn of the news of Ponyville tomorrow. The last bomb of the Operation <=Greenlight=> had not been found. Double Diamond was busy arranging the defense of Ponyville and meanwhile searching for the bomb with all his attention.
Starlight, on the other hoof, locked herself in the town hall, in the office of the former Duchess Trixie. She was just staring at the rain outside the window all night. But she held her tears back.

§b“I won’t beg for your forgiveness, but please bury me where we first met...”§!
The next morning, in the drizzle that had not yet stopped, Starlight held a small but grand funeral for Trixie, and took her to the Ponyville Spa.

The Ponyville Spa was already closed, but Starlight could see in her illusion customers coming in and out. Walking into the spa, she saw her younger self and Trixie lying togethe, with facial masks on, chatting. That was the first time they met. But she held her tears back.

A pony patted Starlight on the back, and the illusion in front of Starlight disappeared. She turned around, and it was Double Diamond:
“Starlight, when we were burying Trixie... in the garden outside the spa... we found... the bomb.”
Eventually, Starlight couldn’t hold back her tears.

[zh.@o0]
很高兴认识你，特丽克西。
[en.@o0]
Nice to have met you, Trixie.
