[zh.@]
会谈记录：青草
[en.@]
Talk Record: Grass-Green
[zh.@desc]
青草，§2麒麟社群农业局局长§!，生于险崇峰，现于§2麒麟之森§!进行稚马之息改良研究。

青草是一名研究上的天才，但却寡言少语。听闻调查组要来，他提前写下了一些笔记：笔记中承认自己在过去几年中以研究为目的消耗了大量稚马之息，但声称自己的行为与走私无关。为证明，他提供了§2完整的麒麟之森稚马之息的消耗记录§!（来自他做实验保留日志的好习惯），并且列举了他发表的一些研究成果。事实上，如果不是青草对于稚马之息种植改良的研究成果，“静默”恐怕需要七八年甚至更长的时间才能解除。
然而，在查阅了他提供的实验日志后，我们注意到§2他的实验对花卉与种子的消耗量巨大§!，虽然稚马之息都有记录，其他花种则几乎没有记录，这引起了我们的怀疑。反复询问之下，他终于承认，他的实验所使用的花卉很多来自狭关。自从解除“静默”的工程开始，青草就一直居住在麒麟之森，当他向中央政府报告实验材料不足时，一直没有得到中央政府的回应。后来§2繁花§!找上了门，会§2每月为他供应除稚马之息以外的花卉与种子§!，但不允许他询问它们的来源。此外，有时青草会将他的§2研究成果报告给繁花§!，而繁花有时也会带来一些§2奇怪的实验种子§!，似乎完全没有按照青草的方法成功实验，但却总是能启发青草的研究。
调查组注意到他的研究成果主要关于§2花卉高效种植§!，但即使稚马之息的产量已经大幅提高，其他花卉的产量却没有明显提高。正当我们要询问他的时候，他以植物需要浇水照料为由§2将调查组赶出了办公室，自己也匆匆离开§!。

[en.@desc]
Grass-Green, §2Director of Kirin Commune Agricultural Bureau§!, born in the Peaks of Peril, now doing research about foal’s breath improvement in the §2Kirin Forest§!.

Grass-Green is a research genius, but not very talkative. Hearing that the investigation team was coming, he wrote down some notes in advance: in the notes, he admitted that he had consumed a large amount of foal’s breath for research purposes in the past few years, but claimed that his behavior was not related to smuggling. To prove this, he provided §2complete records of the consumption of foal’s breath in the Kirin Forest§! (this is from his good habit of keeping logs for experiments), and listed some of his research results. In fact, if it were not for Grass-Green’s research results on the improvement of foal’s breath planting, the “Silence” would probably have taken seven or eight years or even longer to be lifted.
However, after reviewing the experimental logs he provided, we noticed that §2his experiments consumed a huge amount of flowers and seeds§!, although there were records of foal’s breath, there were almost no records of other flower species, which aroused our suspicion. After repeated questioning, he finally admitted that many of the flowers used in his experiments came from Narrow Gate. From the beginning of the project to lift the “Silence”, Grass-Green has been living in the Kirin Forest. When he reported to the central government that the experimental materials were insufficient, he never received a response from the central government. Later, §2Blossom Burst§! came to him and promised to §2supply him with flowers and seeds other than foal’s breath every month§!, but did not allow him to inquire about their sources. In addition, sometimes Grass-Green would §2report his research results to Blossom Burst§!, and Blossom Burst would sometimes bring some §2strange experimental seeds§!, which seemed to have not been successfully experimented according to Grass-Green’s method, but always inspired Grass-Green’s further research.
The investigation team noticed that his research results mainly focused on §2efficient planting of flowers§!, but even though the yield of foal’s breath has been greatly increased, the yield of other flowers has not significantly increased. Just as we were about to ask him, he §2drove the investigation team out of the office§! on the grounds that the plants needed watering and care, and §2left in a hurry§!.


[zh.@o0]
记录在案
[en.@o0]
File Archived
