[zh.@]
最忠诚的学生
[en.@]
The Faithful Student
[zh.@desc]
自马哈顿解放后，解放阵线成功与外界恢复了贸易往来。坎特洛特的蹄子伸不到大陆东方的海洋，海上交通线因此十分安全。马哈顿与马蹄湾区的港口日夜不停，为解放阵线带来麒麟、海马甚至是风暴岛上的产品。

今日的平等镇格外热闹，得益于经济封锁已经崩溃，平等镇涌入了来自南方各地的资源，经济建设如火如荼地进行。

一只骏鹰从东南方向向平等镇飞来，像是在寻找着谁的踪迹，直到她望见了星光熠熠，便迫不及待地下了地。

“星光校长！”她朝着星光熠熠大喊：“终于找到你啦！”

星光熠熠被这突如其来的动静吓了一跳，她转过身来，看到了动静的来源——银溪，曾经友谊学院的学生。

“银溪？等等，你怎么会在这里？” 光熠熠显然没料到银溪会出现在平等镇。“你应该在那次大战后回到海马利亚了呀？”

“当然啦！我回到了海马利亚，在听到解放阵线成立后，我就想来帮忙了！诺沃女王也很想让我来，可她怕我出什么事，我可是跟她保证了好久好久，才上了一艘船来了！又一次见到你太高兴啦！”

“塞拉斯蒂娅啊...” 学生们没有忘记星光，没有忘记友谊，星光熠熠激动到快要哭了出来，可还是忍住了眼泪。“我没有想到你会来帮忙...谢谢你，银溪，真的很谢谢你。”

银溪正因为自己能帮上星光熠熠的忙止不住开心，又向星光问：“哟呼！那么其他朋友们呢，他们在哪?”

“我知道桑德巴尔去了风暴岛，和我的朋友余晖烁烁待在一起。至于其他学生们嘛... 我还没有联系上他们，目前只有你来了。不过，你能来已经帮了我大忙了，谢谢你，银溪！”

那一天，来自南方的海风格外的舒适，叫小马们拥有好心情，迎接未来的每一天。
[en.@desc]
After Manehattan was liberated, the Liberation Front successfully resumed trade with the outside world. Canterlot is no longer able to interfere with the eastern ocean of the continent, so the maritime traffic line is very safe. The ports of the Manehattan and Horseshoe Bay are operating day and night, bringing products from Kirin, Seapony, and even Storm Island to the Liberation Front.

Now, Our Town is particularly lively. Thanks to the collapse of the economic blockade, resources from all over the south have poured into Our Town, and economic construction is in full swing.

A hippogriff flew from the southeast to Our Town, as if looking for somepony, until she saw Starlight Glimmer, and landed immediately.

“Principal Starlight!” She shouted to Starlight Glimmer, “I finally found you!”

Starlight Glimmer was startled by the sudden noise, turned around, and saw the source of the noise - Silverstream, a student of the previous School of Friendship.

“Silverstream? Wait, how did you get here?” Starlight Glimmer obviously didn’t expect Silverstream to appear in Our Town. “You should have returned to Seaquestria after the war, right?”

“Of course! I went back to Seaquestria, and when I heard that the Liberation Front was established, I wanted to come and help! Queen Novo also wanted me to come, but she was afraid of my safety. I persuaded her for a loooooooong time before I finally got on a ship and came here! I'm so happy to see you again!”

“Silverstream...” The students have not forgotten Starlight, nor have they forgotten friendship. Starlight Glimmer was so excited that she almost cried, but she held back her tears. “I didn’t expect you to come and help... Thank you, Silverstream, thank you so much.”

Silverstream was so happy that she could help Starlight Glimmer that she couldn’t stop herself from asking, “Hooray! So what about the other friends? Where are they?”

“I know Sandbar went to Storm Island and stayed with my friend Sunset. As for the other students... I haven’t been able to contact them yet. You are the only one who has come so far. But you coming here has helped me a lot, thank you, Silverstream!”

That day, the sea breeze from the south was particularly comfortable, bring good mood to the ponies, welcoming every day in the future.
[zh.@o0]
友谊的力量
[en.@o0]
Power of Friendship

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
解锁决议：§Y海马利亚支援§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
Unlock decision: §YSupport from Seaquestria§!

