[zh.@]
宿命对决
[en.@]
Fated Confrontation
[zh.@desc]
石青派和那队铸岩者没多久就赶到了皇宫，他们朝着可西的宫殿冲去，石青派记不得上次来到这里是什么时候的事情了，当时天角兽姐妹还在，天空澄澈，宫殿的巨型彩窗上画着令她骄傲的萍琪妹妹。石青派把自己从回忆中拉回，可西宫殿的门紧闭者，她做了一个战术蹄势，铸岩者按照预定的计划迅速炸开了大门，冲了进去，可西还在那，正准备使用传送魔法逃离这个地方。
铸岩者冲进宫殿内，并分散站开，形成半包围的局势，石青派缓缓走入，这是她梦寐以求的时刻，她此生最恨的仇敌就站在她的面前。“石青派？哈哈哈，没想到你居然如此不自量力”可西看清了眼前这个身穿装甲的雌驹后，忍不住苦笑了出来，真是压根没把她放在眼里，虽然今天多半已经是自己的穷途末路了，但没想到还能拉一个垫背的走。“就凭你和你的小玩具？我没空陪你玩游戏了，但是我承认，这次战争你赢了，就用你的死来作为我送给你们军队的最后礼物吧”她莫名其妙大笑了起来，石青派静静的看着她的表演，没有说话。
突然，可西汇聚全身魔力，朝着石青派发射出了沉重的一击，冲击波瞬间让整个大殿尘土飞扬，猛烈的激光贯穿了整个城堡，直冲天际，随后是建筑的垮塌闷响。
[en.@desc]
Limestone Pie and her team of Rockbreakers arrived at the palace shortly after, charging toward Cozy Glow’s stronghold. Limestone couldn’t recall the last time she'd been here; back then, the alicorn sisters still reigned, the sky was clear, and the palace’s grand stained-glass windows depicted her sister Pinkie Pie with pride. She pulled herself from the memories—Cozy’s palace doors were sealed shut.With a tactical hoof signal, the Rockbreakers executed their plan, swiftly breaching the entrance. Inside, Cozy Glow was preparing a teleportation spell to escape.

The Rockbreakers stormed in, spreading out to form a semi-circle. Limestone Pie entered slowly; this was the moment she'd longed for—her most despised enemy stood before her.

"Limestone Pie? Ha! I didn’t expect you to be so foolish," Cozy sneered upon recognizing the armored mare, clearly underestimating her. Though today might mark her downfall, she hadn’t anticipated dragging someone else down with her.

"Just you and your little toys? I don’t have time for games. But I admit, you've won this war. Let your death be my final gift to your army." She laughed maniacally. Limestone Pie watched silently, unmoved.

Suddenly, Cozy Glow unleashed a powerful blast of magic toward Limestone Pie. The shockwave filled the hall with dust, and a fierce beam of energy pierced the castle, reaching the sky, followed by the rumble of collapsing structures.
[zh.@o0]
灰尘散去...
[en.@o0]
As the dust settled...
