[zh.@]
夜间行动：女皇山
[en.@]
Night Operation: Empress Mountain
[zh.@desc]
晚上12点，防区的一切都放下焦虑，进入充满幸福的梦乡。连哨站里的边巡队小马也不例外，在放哨执勤和和夜间巡逻的艰难决定前，他们毅然决然选择了睡大觉以弥补自己白天不干正事的所作所为。

女皇山军火库的守备小马大多都睡觉去了，剩下几只因为白天吃太饱而失眠的小马在外面打牌。“对二！”“四个六！”“王炸！”... 叫喊声此起彼伏，当最后一声“三带一！我赢了，拿钱！”的声音传来时，一阵音乐从旁边的草丛中传来。赢牌的那只小马开始还挺高兴有音乐庆祝自己赢了，几秒后几只小马才后知后觉不对劲向草丛望去，下一秒几支气球就从后飞来，精准击中那几只小马的后脑勺。

待守卫“安稳入睡”后，乐天派和羽波带着各自队伍的小马从两边的草丛里钻出来。确认周围没有守卫后，乐天派向远边的山上放飞了一根气球给夜翔报信，然后问抱着收音机的羽波:“音乐不错呀，啥歌？”“是《欢乐斗小马》的胜利结算音乐，感觉不够震撼啊，嘿嘿，要不下次换成《In Our Town》吧？”“得了吧你，就不怕星光熠熠把你揍一顿？或者你可以潜进坎特洛特皇宫，把收音机丢在和煦光流床头，半夜吓死她！”

在场的小马都咯咯地笑起来，直到夜翔与天马们到场，小马们才通过虚掩的大门进了军火库。

“哇哦，这么多军火，够我们用一阵子了。”夜翔说着，叫天马们把物资运回平等镇。羽波则和一队小马在边上清点数目，忍不住吐槽：“这些东西给他们真是浪费了，他们居然在炮管里插法杖？这是要在战场上给我们送装备，还怪好心啊。”

“见过这样的电台吗？上面有个大大的‘按住说话’，这是连对讲机和电台都搞不清，还是搞出来了个杂交品种？”乐天派随蹄一扔，把这个基因突变的电台扔到外面草丛里。“好了，快点搬吧，等会要天亮了。”

一行小马忙活了几个小时，待到天亮，小马们已经完成目标，回到平等镇了。重新虚掩的大门掩盖着军火“有翼而飞”的秘密，直到第一批边巡队发现装备遗失而无法出击。那一天的平等镇，格外的安宁。

[en.@desc]
At midnight, ponies in the EEMD Jurisdiction were free from anxiety and entered a happy dream. Even the border patrol ponies in the guard post, instead of making the difficult decision to guard or patrol at night, resolutely chose to sleep to make up for their idleness during the day.

Most of the guard ponies at the Empress Mountain Arsenal were asleep, and a few ponies who had eaten too much during the day were playing cards outside. “Pair!” “Set!” “Quad!”... The loud noises of the game were heard one after another. When the last voice of “Royal flush! I win, give me all the money in the pot!” was heard, music came from the bushes nearby. The pony who won the game was still happy to have music to celebrate his victory. A few seconds later, the other ponies realized something was wrong and looked towards the bushes. The next second, several balloons flew from behind and hit the back of their heads accurately.

After the guards “fell asleep”, Party Favor and Feather Bangs led their respective teams out of the bushes on both sides. After confirming that there were no guards around, Party Favor released a balloon to the mountain far away to inform Night Glider, then asked Feather Bangs, who was holding a radio, “Nice music, what song is it?” “It’s the victory settlement music of ‘Pegasus Hold’em’. It doesn’t feel exciting enough. Ha! How about changing it to ‘In Our Town’ next time?” “Come on, aren’t you afraid that Starlight Glimmer will beat you up? Wait, maybe you can sneak into the Canterlot Palace and throw the radio at Cozy Glow’s bedside to scare her to death in the middle of the night!”

The ponies present laughed until Night Glider and the pegasi arrived. The ponies entered the arsenal through the gate that wasn’t even closed.

“Wow, so many weapons, enough to supply us for quite a while.” Night Glider said, asking the pegasi to transport the supplies back to Our Town. Feather Bangs and a team of ponies were counting the number of supplies on the side. He couldn’t help but rubbish the imperial ponies, “What a waste to give them these things. They even put wands in the gun barrels? It even feels like they are trying to just gift us equipments on the battlefield. Kind-hearted, huh?”

“Have you ever seen a radio like this? There’s a big ‘push to talk’ button on it. They can’t even distinguish between a walkie-talkie and a radio? Or is this some kind of hybrid?” Party Favor threw the mutated radio into the bushes outside. “Okay, let’s move quickly. It will be dawn soon.”

The ponies worked hard for several hours. By the time of dawn, the ponies had completed their mission and returned to Our Town. The half-closed gate concealed the “flew away” weapons, until a border patrol discovered the missing equipment and couldn’t go on patrol. Our Town was particularly peaceful that day.

[zh.@o0]
多谢款待！
[en.@o0]
Thanks for the hospitality!
