[zh.@]
希望的耳语 II
[en.@]
Whispers of The Hope II
[zh.@desc]
森布拉不知道自己的身上发生了什么，他能感觉到自己在变得一天比一天更加暴戾，更加残忍。
“这大概是一件好事。” 他这样说服自己，恐惧的化身终于越来越接近那纯粹的精神，这一定应该是一件好事。

可是他究竟为什么要将希望辐光找回来呢？这显然是一个非理性的决策，其中没有任何一点原因可以用对至高恐惧的追求而解释。
“她是我童年时的玩伴，我必须拯救她。” 思来想去，森布拉认为这可能是背后的原因。 “我必须将她从那个愚蠢的旧世界中解救出来，让她睁开眼，欣赏恐惧的美好。从而... 从而让她忘记那次水晶集会，向前看。”

早在森布拉还是孩童之时，他就与唯一的玩伴希望辐光约定好，要一起去参加水晶集会。可是那愚蠢的水晶集会，那愚蠢的水晶之心，居然仅仅因为他的出身就拒绝他的靠近。这是多么的不公平！
就这样，他不仅违背了与希望的约定，还就此改变了希望辐光本应成为公主的一生。他必须顺从自己的命运，冲破这一切古老的束缚，摧毁水晶之心和它所代表的那些旧世界，只有这样，他才能让希望辐光重新回到他的身边。他指的并不是物理上，而是精神上。让她回归她本应有的成为公主的命运，更进一步，让她真正心甘情愿地接受她皇后的身份。

他比任何旁观者都清楚，希望辐光并不认同现在的他，并不喜欢他所正在进行的一切。他知道她常常诱骗自己去做所谓的“善事”，他知道她常常在他的耳边耳语，试图让他放弃他的恐惧，放弃他的力量。但他不会，他绝不会。他不会责备也不会争吵，他相信当一切都完成的那一天，她自然会幡然醒悟。
而希望辐光再次相约要一起参加一次水晶集会时，他几乎立马就答应了。他主动接下了集会承办的全部工作，虽然他未曾见过水晶集会一次。他要用自己的风格来完成... 他要办一场超越过去一切水晶集会的盛宴，让希望辐光看到，什么才是真正的美好。

“你和我说还需要至少一个月？你们知不知道我的皇后已经不耐烦地催促了四五次了？？？！！！我给你们三天，三天！我要全世界最好的水晶，再准备不好，我就把你们和你们全家都送去断头台！！！” 他近乎咆哮着将第十三批集会员工轰出了皇宫。
[en.@desc]
Sombra doesn’t know what is happening to him. He can feel himself becoming more and more ferocious and cruel day by day.
“This is probably a good thing.” He convinced himself that the incarnation of terror is finally getting closer to that pure spirit, which must be a good thing.

But why does he want to find back Radiant Hope anyway? This is obviously an irrational decision, and there is no reason that can be explained by the pursuit of the supreme terror.
“She was my childhood playmate, and I must save her.” After thinking about it, Sombra thought this might be the reason behind it. “I must save her from that stupid old world, let her open her eyes and appreciate the beauty of terror. So that... so that she can finally forget that crystal fair, and move on.”

Back when Sombra was still a child, he had made an appointment with his only playmate Radiant Hope to attend the crystal fair together. But that stupid crystal fair, that stupid Crystal Heart, rejected him just because of his origin. How unfair it was!
As a result, he not only broke the appointment with Hope, but also changed the life that Radiant Hope should have experienced — becoming a princess. He must obey his own destiny, break through all these ancient restraints, destroy the Crystal Heart and what it represents, only in this way can he bring Radiant Hope back to his side. He doesn’t mean physically, but spiritually. Let her return to the fate of becoming a princess that she should have had, and further, let her truly accept her identity as a queen.

He is clearer than any bystander that Radiant Hope does not agree with he right now, and does not like whatever he is doing. He knows that she often deceives himself to do so-called “good deeds”, he knows that she often whispers in his ear, trying to make him give up his passion for fear, give up his power. But he won’t, he absolutely won’t. He won’t blame or argue, he believes that when everything is complete, she will eventually wake up.
When Radiant Hope once again invited him to attend a crystal fair together, he almost immediately agreed. He took all the work of the fair, although he had never seen a crystal fair before. He wants to complete it in his own style... he wants to hold a feast that surpasses all the past crystal fairs, let Radiant Hope see what is the true beauty.

“You are telling me you still need at least a month? Do you even realize that my queen has urged four to five times already???!!! I will only give you three more days, three more days! I want the best crystals in the world, if you are not ready, I will send you and your whole family to the guillotine!!!” He almost roared and drove the thirteenth batch of fair staff out of his palace.

[zh.@o0]
好好准备吧，别像之前那些不幸被送上断头台的家伙一样。
[en.@o0]
Prepare well, don’t be like the previous batches sent to the guillotine.
