[zh.@]
打击乐
[en.@]
Percussion
[zh.@desc]
小马谷音乐剧院内，奥塔薇娅乐团的新交响专场正准备开场。虽然新元年后，小马谷，或者说整个小马谷的气氛变得异常诡异和悲凉。但夏日音乐会显然给小马谷带回了一丝希望与活力。自那之后，小马们越来越多的参加各种音乐活动，奥塔薇娅乐团的演出场次和门票销售量也在逐渐增加。今天，因为新交响曲的到来，小马们络绎不绝地涌入现场，这是他们为数不多的欢乐时刻。“你听说了吗，这次新曲子是奥塔薇娅自己作曲的！” “真的吗？那一定会很棒！” “我听说这次非常有创意，将会以打击乐开场。” “期待！”
舞台上，交响乐团已经各自落座，全场的焦点奥塔薇娅走向了舞台中央，向观众们致意。仪式性地，奥塔薇娅将自己的乐谱交给指挥，随后走向大提琴手的位置坐下。乐器们开始调音，观众们也安静下来，等待着音乐的开始。在音乐正式开始的前一刻，全场寂静无声，安静到连一根干草掉在地上都能听见。

先是两声轻快的木琴，随后定音鼓手高高举起了鼓锤。“哐！”
不是定音鼓声，而是剧院大门被踢开了。一群全副武装的防暴警察闯入了剧院，他们将包围了整个现场。现场顿时乱作一团，许多小马想逃离现场，均被防暴警察拦截下来，指挥小马也被警察逮捕了。
“安静！” 特丽克西出现在舞台上，身后站着比特丽克西更有压迫感的是一名来自坎特洛特的委员，他是来监督特丽克西贯彻音乐禁令的。特丽克西看着浑身颤抖地指挥小马，向警察挥蹄：“松开他吧。反正他现在也没机会犯罪了。” 警察照做了。

特丽克西摸了摸她的领带：“各位小马们，大家好！很抱歉打断了你们的兴致，伟大而又全能的特丽克西知道今天对你们、对奥塔薇娅小姐而言是个重要的日子...”
她停顿了一下，语气变得更重了：“但是，法律就是法律！根据女皇陛下颁布的音乐禁令，明确规定了禁止一切的大型音乐集会活动。所以，我很抱歉，今天的交响音乐会被迫取消了。念在指挥以及奥塔薇娅小姐都是初犯，我会给予宽大处理，但是，我必须没收所有乐器。下次再有类似的活动，我会直接逮捕你们！” 特丽克西转过头对着乐团中的各位小马说：“现在，委屈各位回警局做笔录吧。”
特丽克西表现得十分凶狠，但其实她自己也一直在颤抖——她知道，这次行动将会引起小马们的不满，但她也知道，女皇的命令是不容违抗的，尤其是有一名委员在场监视着自己。

当特丽克西从舞台上下来时，她听见了一声来自观众席的咒骂：“你凭什么这么做，特丽克西公爵！” 特丽克西没有回答，她甚至不敢回头，匆匆地离开了剧院。
[en.@desc]
Inside the Ponyville Music Theater, the new symphony concert of the Octavia Orchestra is about to begin. Although after Jahr Null, Ponyville, or rather, entire atmosphere of Ponyville, has become unusually eerie and desolate. But the Summer Music Festival has clearly brought a glimmer of hope and vitality back to Ponyville. Since then, more and more ponies have participated in various music activities, and the number of performances and ticket sales of the Octavia Orchestra has gradually increased. Today, because of the arrival of the new symphony, ponies are flocking to the scene, this is one of their few moments of joy. “Have you heard? This time the new symphony was composed by Octavia herself!” “Really? It must be great!” “I heard it’s very creative, it will start with percussion.” “Looking forward to it!”
On the stage, the orchestra has taken their seats, and the focus of the entire scene, Octavia, walks to the center of the stage to greet the audience. Ceremoniously, Octavia gave her score sheet to the conductor, then walked to the cellist’s position. The instruments began to tune, and the audience quieted down, waiting for the music to begin. By the time the music was about to start, the whole scene was silent, so quiet that even the sound of hay falling to the ground could be heard.

First, two light xylophone notes, then the timpanist raised the drumstick high. “Bang!”
It wasn’t the sound of the timpani, but the sound of the theater door being kicked open. A group of fully armed riot police stormed into the theater, surrounding the entire scene. The scene was in chaos, many ponies tried to escape, but were intercepted by the riot police, and the conductor was arrested.
“Quiet!” Trixie appeared on the stage, and behind her was a Canterlot commissioner who was more oppressive than Trixie, he was here to supervise Trixie in implementing the Music Ban. Trixie looked at the trembling conductor, waved her hoof to the police: “Let him go. He has no chance to commit a crime now.” The police did as they were told.

Trixie touched her tie: “Hello, everypony! I’m sorry to interrupt your excitement. The great and powerful Trixie knows that today is an important day for you and Ms. Octavia...”
She paused, her tone became heavier: “But, the law is the law! According to the Music Ban issued by Her Majesty, all large music gatherings are clearly prohibited. So, I’m sorry, today’s symphony concert has been forced to cancel. In view of the fact that the conductor and Ms. Octavia are both first-time lawbreakers, I will be lenient, but I must confiscate all musical instruments. If this were to happen again, I will arrest all of you!” Trixie turned to the ponies in the orchestra and said: “Now, go back to the police station with us for questioning.”
Trixie acted very fiercely, but she was actually trembling herself — she knew that this action would cause dissatisfaction among the ponies, but she also knew that the Empress’s orders were not to be violated, especially with a commissioner present to monitor her.

When Trixie came down from the stage, she heard a curse from the audience: “Why do you do this to us? Duchess Trixie!” Trixie could not answer, she did not even dare to look back, and hurriedly left the theater.
[zh.@o0]
确实是打击乐开场，就是有点短
[en.@o0]
Indeed, started with percussion, just too short
