[zh.@]
和煦的加冕礼
[en.@]
The Coronation
[zh.@desc]
1002年夏，经过精心漫长的准备，小马利亚终于迎来了和煦光流女皇的正式加冕仪式。

加冕仪式的现场金碧辉煌，极尽奢华：
和煦光流女皇的皇袍和皇冠甚至比她自己还要重，因此她只能坐在二十多只飞马扛着的皇座上完成她的坎特洛特巡游。
巡游的路线上街边挤满了欢迎和煦女皇小马们，还有少数居住在坎特洛特的其他种族生物。小马们舞动着手中的鲜花和礼炮，大声得呼喊着欢迎词，诸如“和煦光流万岁！”“女皇万岁！”“友谊女皇统治千年！”“小马利亚的福音来到了！”“伟大的女皇！”之类，以及“一会儿结束了上哪里报销礼炮？”“这个笑容的程度合格吗？会不会不太自然？”的耳语。
“和煦光流女皇是如此受到欢迎，以至于一路上不停有热情的小马挥舞着蹄子想要上前拥抱女皇。”——小马利亚帝国日报是这样报道的，为此加冕仪式的主办方不得不动用了整个坎特洛特的安保力量，来维护现场秩序；随后的加冕仪式上，数万小马聆听了和煦光流女皇的演讲，随后有组织地为和煦光流女皇表演了节目。
据说加冕仪式当晚的狂欢中，整个坎特洛特城被重新粉刷成闪亮的金色，盖住了此前个别不友好的居民在街道上涂鸦的大量污言秽语。
加冕仪式后，连街边照明的路灯都全部换成了充满魔法的上古法器（遗憾的是，加冕仪式结束后有十数盏“路灯”失窃，至今下落不明）。
邪茧女王与提雷克大王也应邀参加了和熙光流女皇的加冕仪式并在现场发表了致辞：“受到尊敬和爱戴的和煦光流今日加冕为友谊女皇，象征着幻形灵-小马-半人马种族的万世友好！”——提雷克大王如此发言，邪茧女王也表示同意。加冕仪式后的第二天，留在坎特洛特的邪茧女王与提雷克大王再次与刚刚即位的和煦光流女皇会晤，讨论了《坎特洛特协定》在过去一年的落实情况，解决了一些误会和纠纷，邪茧女王称作为今日三族友好的表示，有必要重新划定协定其中的一些条款。会晤结束后的《坎特洛特协定》修正协议并未对外公开，但当晚和煦光流女皇睡得很早，没有和其他小马说话，甚至没有吃晚饭，想必是由于勤于政务而精疲力竭。

加冕仪式结束后，新成立的小马利亚帝国也恢复了往日的平静。为了准备这次加冕仪式，还要管理因为此前的战争而百废待兴的小马利亚，和煦光流女皇已经为此忙碌了数月，有时工作繁忙到彻夜不眠。而帝国成立后的事务有增无减，曾有新政府成员建议女皇将政务分散给政府成员和地方，但女皇难以信任这个临时成立起来的政府和松散的地方政府，坚持所有事务亲自处理，以防别有用心者密谋。据女皇身边的不知名服侍小马透露，自从加冕仪式后，女皇都有些沉默寡言，原因不明。可能是繁重的工作和对谋反的恐惧逐渐吞噬着她的灵魂，但也有说法称她仅仅是思念自己的母亲。
[en.@desc]
In the summer of 1002, after careful and long preparation, the formal coronation ceremony of Empress Cozy Glow finally arrived.
The scene of the coronation ceremony was magnificent and luxurious:
The empress’s robe and crown were even heavier than herself, so she could only sit on the throne carried by more than twenty flying horses to complete her Canterlot parade.
The parade route was crowded with welcoming little ponies and a few other species living in Canterlot. The little ponies danced with flowers and fireworks in their hands, shouting loudly welcoming words such as “Long live Empress Cozy Glow!” “Long live the Empress!” “The Empress rules for a thousand years!” “The gospel of Eqeustria has come!” “Great Empress!” and “Is it over? Where can I reimburse the fireworks?” “Is the degree of this smile qualified? Will it be unnatural?”, etc.
“Empress Cozy Glow was so welcomed that there were enthusiastic little ponies waving their hooves to hug the Empress all the way.” - The Equestria Empire Daily reported, for which the organizers of the coronation ceremony had to use the entire security force of Canterlot to maintain order on the scene; after the coronation ceremony, tens of thousands of ponies listened to the speech of Empress Cozy Glow, and then performed programs for Empress Cozy Glow in an organized manner.
It is said that during the carnival after the coronation ceremony, the entire Canterlot was repainted into a shiny gold, covering a large number of obscene graffiti on the streets by a few unfriendly residents.
After the coronation ceremony, even the street lights were all replaced with ancient artifacts full of magic (unfortunately, after the end of the coronation ceremony, more than a dozen “street lights” were stolen and their whereabouts are still unknown).
Queen Chrysalis and Lord Tirek were also invited to attend the coronation ceremony of Empress Cozy Glow and delivered speeches on the spot: “The coronation of Empress Cozy Glow, who is respected and loved, symbolizes the eternal friendship of the changelings, ponies, and centaurs!” - Lord Tirek said so, and Queen Chrysalis also agreed. The day after the coronation ceremony, Queen Chrysalis and Lord Tirek, who stayed in Canterlot, met with the newly enthroned Empress Cozy Glow again and discussed the implementation of the Canterlot Pact over the past year, resolving some misunderstandings and disputes. Queen Chrysalis said that as a gesture of today’s tri-racial friendship, it is necessary to redefine some of the terms of the pact. The revised agreement of the Canterlot Pact after the meeting was not made public, but Empress Cozy Glow went to bed early that night, did not talk to other ponies, and even did not had her dinner, presumably because of exhaustion from busy political affairs.

After the coronation ceremony, the newly established Equestria Empire also returned to its former calm. In order to prepare for this coronation ceremony, and to govern Equestria, which was in a state of disrepair due to the previous war, Empress Cozy Glow had been busy for months, sometimes working so hard that she stayed up all night. The government affairs of the Empire have increased rather than decreased, so some new government members suggested that the empress should delegate the affairs to government members and localities, but the empress was unable to trust this temporary government and loose local governments, insisting on handling all affairs personally to prevent the conspiracy of others. According to an unnamed servant pony around the empress, since the coronation ceremony, the empress has been somewhat silent, for reasons unknown. It may be that the heavy work and the fear of rebellion are gradually devouring her soul, but there are also claims that she is just missing her mother.