[zh.@]
失去的和放不下的
[en.@]
The Lost and the Unforgotten
[zh.@desc]
自从收到那则毁灭性的消息起，星光熠熠就每天无精打采，时常因想起从前的回忆而流泪不止，眼中的血丝在黑眼圈的衬托下格外明显。双钻和糖蓓儿多次以阵线发展和小马们需要她的领导为由劝星光振作起来，结果是星光每天处理完必要的日常事务后，便恢复无精打采的状态。

为此，日光耀耀决心要将他的这位老友拉出泥潭。在一天晚上星光准备踏入家门时，日光叫住了她，如同当年暮光闪闪叫住星光熠熠那样。

“星光熠熠！那个，”日光调整了下情绪，“关于暮光她们失踪的事，我也很难过，但……”

“可她们可能已经死了！”星光打断了日光，“帝国没有公开任何记录，没有一只小马知道她们被带去了哪里。三年了，她们甚至没有传出一句话。这么多年来，除了你，我好不容易交到了几个朋友，甚至还当上了友谊学校校长，可当初教会我友谊的小马，她已经……已经……!”星光强忍住眼泪，几乎哭了出来。

日光叹了口气。“我们不知道暮光闪闪是否还活着，也不能把帝国的沉默当作答案。她这么努力地教导你，是因为她希望你能够独当一面，带领小马们找到友谊的真谛。我想，无论她现在身处何方，如果你能走出阴影，再次带领小马们为小马利亚带来谐律，她一定会为你感到欣慰。”

“星光啊...”日光耀耀伸出蹄子，帮星光熠熠擦了擦眼泪。

“留在后面的，不该只有回忆……”
[en.@desc]
Ever since receiving that devastating news, Starlight Glimmer has been listless every day, often crying uncontrollably when she recalls the memories of the past. Her bloodshot eyes became particularly prominent against the backdrop of her dark circles. Sunburst and Sugar Belle have repeatedly tried to persuade Starlight to cheer up, citing the development of the front and the need for her leadership, but Starlight returned to her listless state after completing the necessary daily tasks.

So, Sunburst decided to pull his old friend out of the mire. One night, as Starlight was about to step into her house, Sunburst stopped her, just as Twilight Sparkle had stopped Starlight Glimmer years ago.

“Starlight Glimmer!” Sunburst steadied himself. “I am also heartbroken about Twilight and the others disappearing, but...”

“But they may already be dead!” Starlight interrupted Sunburst. “The Empire released no records, and no pony knows where they were taken. Three years, and not even a single word from them. For all these years, apart from you, I finally made a few friends and even became headmare of the School of Friendship. But the pony who first taught me friendship, she has already... already...!” Starlight fought back her tears and nearly broke down.

Sunburst sighed. “We do not know whether Twilight Sparkle is still alive, and we cannot accept the Empire’s silence as an answer. She worked so hard to teach you because she hoped you could stand on your own and lead ponies toward the true meaning of friendship. Wherever she may be now, if you step out of this shadow and bring harmony to Equestria again, she would be proud of you.”

“Starlight...” Sunburst reached out his hoof and wiped Starlight’s tears.

“What remains should not be only memories...”
[zh.@o0]
“向前走的动力是梦想。”
[en.@o0]
“The driving force to move forward is your dreams.”
