[zh.@]
笼中鸟
[en.@]
Caged Bird
[zh.@desc]
水晶集会依然没有准备好，但森布拉与希望辐光的矛盾冲突则率先爆发了。
无法再忍受森布拉暴行的希望辐光威胁森布拉，要求他停止对水晶小马的残忍行为，否则她将离开他，彻底离开他。

暴怒之下，森布拉仍未伤害辐光，而是将她关押在了一座黑晶牢笼中，以防止她的离开。但时间没过多久，希望辐光就逃脱牢笼，只是不幸在离开皇宫的时候被发现而抓回。
森布拉愤怒地质问卫兵希望辐光逃脱的原因，才意识到，希望辐光在皇宫中是如此的受欢迎，以至于看守她的卫兵们竟然会心甘情愿地放她离开。

最终，森布拉选择当着希望辐光的面，将所有参与帮助她逃脱的卫兵送上断头台。
处决的过程是漫长与痛苦的，森布拉刻意选择了钝一些的刀片，导致许多卫兵不得不经历数次痛苦的切割才能真正死去。鲜血与尖叫响彻在皇宫门前的广场上。
起初，森布拉以胜利者的姿态看着自己在囚笼中的皇后，他似乎从她的眼神中看到了恐惧、懊悔与绝望。对！就是这样，他需要的就是她这样的感受！他开始后悔自己为什么没有早点狠下心来做这种事，强迫她去习惯，去接受，最终去拥抱他眼中的美好世界。
随着行刑的进行，希望辐光也似乎真的如森布拉所愿，她的眼神变得越来越平静，甚至有一丝似乎是微笑开始出现在她的脸上。这是她的转变，这是她的醒悟，这是她的归属。
直到希望辐光转过头来，直勾勾的盯着森布拉，森布拉才意识到，似乎问题并不是那么简单。希望辐光并非在微笑，而是在嘲笑，这位囚犯似乎正在以胜利者的姿态，看着站在囚笼外的森布拉。

是恐惧。
但不是希望辐光的恐惧，而是森布拉的恐惧。
有史以来第一次，恐惧的化身自己感受到了恐惧 — 他害怕失去希望辐光，他害怕有朝一日希望辐光真的不声不响离开他而去。
虽然他的理智劝说自己没有任何理由因此而感到害怕或担忧，但他比谁都清楚恐惧不是一种理性的情感。一旦种子在头脑中种下，没有什么可以阻止其长成参天大树，撕裂他的大脑。

森布拉立刻叫停了行刑，此刻这已经不再是胜利者的炫耀，而是自己恐惧情感的表现。他不再是那个冷酷无情的化身，而是一个被恐惧所支配的小马。
他撤走了所有的卫兵，甚至不敢用奴隶去把守监狱。他使用了自己最强大的法术制作了封印，用最坚固的水晶重建了牢笼，将希望辐光锁在皇宫最深最隐秘的角落，再加上层层防护，并且每天都会去检查希望辐光的状态。
但越是这样，他脑海中的那个念头就只会愈加强烈——

[en.@desc]
The crystal fair is still not ready, but the conflict between Sombra and Radiant Hope has erupted first.
Unable to tolerate Sombra’s atrocities, Radiant Hope threatened Sombra to stop his cruel behavior towards crystal ponies, otherwise she would leave him, leave him forever.

Even under rage, Sombra did not harm Radiant Hope, but imprisoned her in a black crystal cage to prevent her from leaving. However, not long after, Radiant Hope escaped from the cage, unfortunately, caught outside the palace and brought back.
Somber angrily questioned the guards why Radiant Hope escaped, only to realize that Radiant Hope was so popular in the palace that the guards who guarded her were willing to let her leave.

In the end, Sombra chose to execute all the guards who helped Radiant Hope escape, in front of Radiant Hope.
The execution process was long and painful, Sombra deliberately chose a duller blade, causing many guards to go through several painful cuts before they truly died. Blood and screams echoed in the square in front of the palace.
At first, Sombra, as a victor, looked at his queen in the cage. He thought he saw in her eyes fear, regret, and despair. Yes! This is exactly what he needs her to feel! He began to regret why he didn’t act tough to make her get used to it, accept it, and finally embrace the beautiful world in his eyes.
As the execution proceeded, Radiant Hope seemed to really fulfill Sombra’s wish. Her eyes became calmer, and even a hint of a smile seemed to appear on her face. This was her transformation, her awakening, her belonging.
Only until Radiant Hope turned her head and stared at Sombra, Sombra finally realized that the situation is not that simple. Radiant Hope was not smiling, but mocking. This prisoner seemed now in a victor’s posture, looking at Sombra outside the cage.

It was fear.
Only that it was not her fear, but Sombra’s fear.
For the first time in history, the incarnation of fear felt fear himself — he was afraid of losing Radiant Hope, he was afraid that one day Radiant Hope would really leave him without a word.
Though his sanity told him that he had no reason to be afraid or worried, he still knew better than anypony else, that fear was not a rational emotion. Once the seed was planted in the mind, nothing could stop it from growing into a towering tree, eventually tearing his brain apart.

Sombra immediately stopped the execution, as it was no longer a victor’s show-off, but a manifestation of his own fear. He was no longer the cold and ruthless incarnation, but a pony dominated by fear.
He withdrew all the guards, and even dared not use slaves to guard the prison. He used his most powerful spells to make seals, rebuilt the cage with the strongest crystal, locked Radiant Hope in the deepest and most secret corner of the palace, added layers of protection, and checked Radiant Hope’s condition every day.
But the more he did this, the stronger the thought in his mind would become —

[zh.@o0]
“最终，她会离我而去的。”
[en.@o0]
“Eventually, she will leave me.”
