[zh.@]
阴影之井，在小马利东部城市群之外的荒郊野岭中一个被遗忘的古老地名。如今这里被非官方地称作“地狱之门”，秘密进行着一个来自于小马利亚那些伟大的工程师们的构想的工程实验。这里的空气常年弥漫着腐朽的气味，伴随着一种令人不安的、低沉的嗡嗡声——据说那是地下深处“纯粹的黑暗”在呼吸。
当然，官方报告会将这些“异味”归结于地下水污染，而“嗡嗡声”则被认为是矿产开采设备运行的正常噪音——没错，这里的工地正在一刻不停地挖掘，似乎在寻找某种宝藏，即使记载小马利亚历史的那些藏书都反复警告过这里的危险。无论是被放逐的罪犯，还是被征召的贫农，一车一车地被运向这里，向着既没有矿产资源也没有石油或是魔法水晶的地下深处进发。然而，这里似乎又有着无尽的能量，足以点亮帝国最深的矿井，并驱动那些不知疲倦的监控无人机。
在这里，真正的“燃料”并非来自地质构造，而是来自那些被榨干的灵魂。实际上，那群工马们没有在挖掘任何东西，甚至连多数工程师们都不清楚这群小马只是在不停地将泥土从一处搬运到另一处而已。只有少数项目高层才明白，那群工马们夜以继日的辛苦劳作本身，就是阴影之井的真正财宝。绝望、愤怒、与嫉妒，这些在黑暗的矿洞内无法喘息的工马们释放出的纯粹的负面情绪，在被阴影的力量包裹加工后便成了可用的能源，才让坎特洛特那些盛大的晚宴、金碧辉煌的宫殿，与午后的阳光照耀下发光的软糯茶点得以成为可能。

[en.@]
The Well of Shade, an ancient forgotten place name, lies in the wilderness beyond Equestria’s eastern urban clusters. Now it is unofficially called the “Gates of Hell,” an experimental project secretly conceived by Equestria’s greatest engineers. The air here perpetually carries a scent of decay, accompanied by an unsettling, low hum — said to be the breathing of “pure darkness” from deep underground.
Of course, official reports attribute these “peculiar smells” to groundwater pollution, and the “hum” is dismissed as normal operating noise from mining equipment — indeed, the construction site here is ceaselessly drilling, seemingly in search of some treasure, even though history books of Equestria have repeatedly warned of the dangers here. Whether exiled criminals or conscripted peasants, cartload after cartload, they are transported here, sent deep underground where there are no mineral resources, no oil, and no magic crystals. Yet, this place seems to possess boundless energy, enough to light the Empire’s deepest mines and power those tireless surveillance drones.
Here, the true “fuel” doesn’t originate from geological formations but from the drained souls of the workers. In reality, that group of worker ponies isn’t excavating anything; even most engineers are unaware that these ponies are simply ceaselessly moving dirt from one place to another. Only a select few at the top of the project understand that the ceaseless, arduous labor of these worker ponies, day and night, is the Well of Shade’s true treasure. Despair, anger, and envy — the pure negative emotions released by these ponies, struggling to breathe in the dark mineshafts — are enveloped and processed by the power of the shadows, becoming the usable energy that makes Canterlot’s grand banquets, gilded palaces, and the soft, glistening pastries bathed in the afternoon sun a possibility.