[zh.@]
新员工 · 上
[en.@]
New Employee · I

[zh.@desc]
“梆！”

正当喷火听着破空和雾轨报告本月小餐馆的马芬产能时，喷火的办公室大门突然被一声巨响震开，闯进来的是全身红色的火药桶。一时间，破空还没反应过来，雾轨已经吓得躲到了椅子后，而喷火正下意识的将自己的翅膀伸进抽屉里想要拿出一把铳枪，却注意到火药桶虽然表情愤怒至极，但身上也没有带着武器。

“两个疯子！” 火药桶没好气地骂着。“闪尘和滚雷都发了大财！我却什么！都！没有！”
火药桶一边叫喊着，一边看到喷火办公室桌子上的餐盒，雾轨还没来得及张口阻拦，火药桶已经打开了餐盒，将里面的三明治一口气吞了下去，雾轨也只好缩回椅子后面，看着自己做给破空的午餐被火药桶白白吃掉。

火药桶加入“淘汰者”，从不是想闪尘和滚雷那样，追求极限与刺激，他只是想要多赚点门票钱，多买点好吃的。只不过，自从闪尘与滚雷入狱后，巡回表演停止，火药桶和一众“淘汰者”小弟们就失去了收入来源。火药桶原本也一心盼着两位领导早日出狱，可没想到当他开始打理帮派事务时，才发现自己的领导们竟然都有着他从来不知道的小金库 — 闪尘靠着军火贩买、滚雷靠着赌博和囤积廷马克图水晶，都赚的盆满钵满。“她们两个都发了大财！” 火药桶又一次咬牙切齿地说着。“哪怕是多买几个三明治也好啊！宁愿挥霍在危险器材、训练场地和飞行表演上，也不愿意多买几个三明治！”

破空、雾轨与喷火六目相对，都不知道该如何回应这位“叛逃”自敌方队伍的冲动者。一位“淘汰者”会仅仅因为一点分赃不均就举报自己的首领吗？雾轨偷偷地靠向喷火，用翅膀拽着喷火的衣服，用眼神向喷火传达她的怀疑。而喷火倒也与“淘汰者”打过不少交道，清楚火药桶确实是个没什么头脑的家伙。喷火示意破空拿出笔记本：不论火药桶什么动机，先把供词记下来再说。
[en.@desc]
“Bang!”

As Spitfire was listening to the reports made by Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail on the monthly muffin production capacity of the small diner, the door to her office was suddenly kicked open with a loud bang, and in came the red-coated Short Fuse. Before Sky Stinger even had time to react, Vapor Trail had already hidden behind her chair in fear, while Spitfire instinctively reached into her drawer for a hoofgun. However, she noticed that Short Fuse, although looking extremely angry, was not carrying any weapons.

“Two lunatics!” Short Fuse cursed angrily. “Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder have made a fortune! And what did I get? I! GOT! NOTHING!”
As Short Fuse was yelling, he saw the lunchboxes on Spitfire’s desk. Before Vapor Trail could even say anything, Short Fuse had already opened the lunchbox and swallowed the sandwich inside in one gulp. Vapor Trail could only shrink back behind her chair and watch as the lunch she had made for Sky Stinger was eaten by Short Fuse.

Short Fuse had joined the Washouts not to pursue the same extremes or excitement as Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder, but simply to earn more ticket money and buy more delicious food. However, since the touring performances had stopped after Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder were imprisoned, Short Fuse and his fellow Washouts had lost their source of income. Short Fuse had originally hoped that his leaders would be released from prison soon, but when he began to take care of the affairs, he discovered that his leaders had their secret treasure pots that he had never known about — Lightning Dust made a fortune through arms dealing, while Rolling Thunder made a fortune through gambling and hoarding Timbucktu crystals. “They both made a fortune!” Short Fuse gritted his teeth once again. “And they DON’T EVEN WANT TO BUY A FEW MORE SANDWICHES! They’d rather squander their money on dangerous equipment, training grounds, and flight performances than BUY A FEW MORE SANDWICHES!”

Spitfire, Sky Stinger, and Vapor Trail looked at each other, not knowing how to respond to this “defector” from the enemy team. Would a Washout really betray his leader just because of a little unfair distribution of loot? Vapor Trail secretly leaned towards Spitfire, tugging at her clothes with her wings and conveying her suspicions with her eyes, while Spitfire, who had dealt with the Washouts for quite some time, knew that Short Fuse was indeed a fool, probably. Spitfire gestured for Sky Stinger to take out his notebook: regardless of Short Fuse’s motives, the first thing to do was to write down his testimony.

[zh.@o0]
“先和我们说说军火贩买和赌博？”
[en.@o0]
“Tell us more about the arms dealing and gambling?”
