[zh.@]  
温尼阿波利斯宣称自己是小马利亚最清醒的城市——在零下四十度的寒风里，想不清醒也难。但真正的清醒不在于天气，而在于这座小马利亚北境大都市有着其他任何地区都不具有的，帝国自愿赠予的“民主自治”。当帝国腹地的小马们颤抖着将成车煤炭运往坎特洛特时，在更寒冷的温尼阿波利斯，市民们却能在熔炉映照下投票通过《露天友谊集会特别许可法案》。
这里顶多算小马利亚第三大都市，但随着海岸城市群集体投身赌马与博彩、洛马基沉迷洗钱诈骗与其他“金融创新”、马哈顿醉心于独角兽奴隶期货交易——温尼阿波利斯反倒因懒散的议员们懒得折腾文件，未能成功脱实向虚，阴差阳错成了帝国最后的重工业支柱。
坎特洛特的贵族们对此也心知肚明：皇宫地暖的热度、禁卫军的蹄铁、甚至女皇下午茶镀金勺子的光泽，全系于温尼阿波利斯永不熄灭的炼钢炉。因此他们也从不吝啬在女皇面前为这座城市的“刁民”与郊区的“异族”美言几句。于是，当议长三月飞雪掀桌抗议“友谊税”时，花花短裤总会恰巧“遗失”几份催缴令；即使温尼阿波利斯郊区的牛族们喊出了“革命”的口号，秩序部警察听到了也只会当做是一阵风。
在市中心的市政厅里，三月飞雪的办公室暖气常年与牛族一同罢工（官方说法是“与群众同冷暖”），蹄边文件堆泾渭分明：左边是小小一张帝国《重工业产能指标追加令》，伴随着花花短裤寄来的长长的慰问信与《帝国工业城市津贴政策》；右边则是《郊区供暖系统瘫痪报告》《小马与牛族系统性收入差距对策分析》。

[en.@]  
Whinnyapolis proclaims itself Equestria’s most clear-headed city — when the wind chill hits minus forty, staying drowsy isn’t even an option. But true clarity isn’t about the weather; it lies in the democracy and autonomy voluntarily granted by the Empire, a privilege unmatched anywhere else in Equestria. While ponies in the heartlands of the Empire tremble as they haul cartloads of coal to Canterlot, the citizens of far colder Whinnyapolis can vote by the glow of blast furnaces to pass the Special Outdoor Friendship Assembly Permit Act.
At best, it’s only Equestria’s third-largest city. Yet as coastal hubs dive headlong into horse racing and gambling, Los Pegasus drowns in money laundering and other “financial innovations”, and Manehattan obsesses over unicorn slave futures — Whinnyapolis, by sheer bureaucratic inertia, has ironically remained the Empire’s last bastion of heavy industry.
The nobles of Canterlot know this well: the warmth of the palace floors, the horseshoes of the Royal Guard, even the gleam of the Empress’s gilded afternoon tea spoon all depend on Whinnyapolis’s unquenchable steel furnaces. Thus, they never hesitate to sing praises before the Empress for the city’s “troublemakers” and its suburban “non-pony barbarians”. So when council chair March Gustysnows protests the “Friendship Tax”, Fancy Pants just happens to “misplace” a few collection notices. Even when minotaurs from suburban angrily chant “Revolution”, the Ministry of Order polices will only think “Must have been the wind”.
In the City Hall at the heart of Whinnyapolis, March Gustysnows’ office suffers from perennial heating outages — coinciding with the strikes of the suburban minotaurfolk (officially framed as “sharing the warmth with the public”). The stacks of documents at her hooves form a stark divide: on the left, a single sheet bearing the Empire’s Heavy Industrial Production Quota Amendment, accompanied by Fancy Pants’ lengthy consolation letter and the Imperial Industrial City Subsidy Policy; on the right, piles of Suburban Heating System Collapse Reports and Analyses on Income Disparity Between Ponies and Bulls.
