[zh.@]
坎特洛特高档香水公司销售员员工守则
[en.@]
Canterlot Luxury Perfume Company Salespony Code of Conduct
[zh.@desc]
1. 在任何顾客进门时，需要首先询问顾客的职业。除特殊说明外，顾客被禁止访问仓库，交易必须在前台完成，必须通过金币或发展债券等帝国许可的货币进行。货物不足时可前往仓储管理员处补货，请直接提取香水，不要打扰仓储管理员。
2. 如果顾客为普通小马谷居民，请提供最新的香水款式。请格外留意购买特殊香水、或者长时间驻足观察广告牌的顾客。
3. 坎特洛特销售员不会购买香水，如果顾客为坎特洛特销售员，请拒绝所有香水购买请求，然后向仓储管理员报告，称幻形灵想要购买香水。但请注意，幻形灵想要购买香水不是紧急情况。
4. 如果顾客为幻形灵，请提供最新的香水款式。
5. 如果顾客为汉堡店员工，请提供最新的香水款式，然后向帝国警察报告，称汉堡店员工想要购买香水。如果帝国警察要求您提供顾客想要购买的香水款式，这是一个紧急情况。
6. 如果顾客为毛绒玩具公司员工，请要求顾客使用毛绒玩具进行交易，同意后带领顾客前往仓库，然后向仓储管理员报告，称坎特洛特销售员想要申请提取香水。
7. 如果顾客为消防专家，请带领顾客前往仓库，您的工作职责是全力配合消防安全检查，务必确保检查结果为“不合格”。否则，请向仓储管理员报告，称幻形灵想要购买香水。
8. 如果顾客为小马谷警察，请提供最新的香水款式，必要时可带领顾客前往仓库，但禁止出示消防安全检查报告。如果小马谷警察要求关闭店面，请配合警察工作同意关闭门店，然后向仓储管理员报告，称幻形灵想要购买香水。
9. 如果顾客为帝国警察，请提供最新的香水款式，必要时可出示消防安全检查报告。如果顾客收走了报告，请带领顾客前往仓库，随后独自离开仓库向消防专家报告，称帝国警察想要购买香水。
10. 如果顾客为坎特洛特仓储管理员，请带领顾客前往仓库。
[en.@desc]
1. When any customer enters, you need to ask the customer’s occupation first. Unless otherwise specified, customers are prohibited from visiting the warehouse, and transactions must be completed at the front desk, and must be done with Empire-approved currency such as bits or development bonds. If the goods are insufficient, you can go to the warehouse manager for replenishment. Please pick up the perfume directly, and do not disturb the warehouse manager.
2. If the customer is an ordinary Ponyville resident, please provide the latest perfume styles. Pay attention to customers who want to buy special perfumes, or customers who stay in front of the billboard for a long time.
3. Canterlot salesponies do not buy perfume. If the customer is a Canterlot salespony, please refuse all perfume purchase requests, then report to the warehouse manager, stating that a changeling wants to buy perfume. However, please note that a changeling wanting to buy perfume is not an emergency.
4. If the customer is a changeling, please provide the latest perfume styles.
5. If the customer is a hayburger shop employee, please provide the latest perfume styles, then report to the imperial police, stating that a hayburger shop employee wants to buy perfume. If the imperial police request you to provide the perfume styles the customer wants to buy, this is an emergency.
6. If the customer is a plush toy company employee, please ask the customer to use plush toys for the transaction, if agreed, lead the customer to the warehouse, then report to the warehouse manager, stating that a Canterlot salespony wants to apply for picking up perfume.
7. If the customer is a fire safety expert, please lead the customer to the warehouse. Your job is to fully cooperate with the fire safety inspection and ensure that the inspection result is “unsafe”. Otherwise, report to the warehouse manager, stating that a changeling wants to buy perfume.
8. If the customer is a Ponyville police, please provide the latest perfume styles, and if necessary, lead the customer to the warehouse, but do not show the fire safety inspection report. If the Ponyville police request to close the store, cooperate with the police and agree to close the store, then report to the warehouse manager, stating that a changeling wants to buy perfume.
9. If the customer is an imperial police, please provide the latest perfume styles, and if necessary, show the fire safety inspection report. If the customer takes away the report, lead the customer to the warehouse, then leave the warehouse alone to report to the fire safety expert, stating that the imperial police want to buy perfume.
10. If the customer is a Canterlot warehouse manager, please lead the customer to the warehouse.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
