[zh.@]
暮光闪闪？
[en.@]
Twilight Sparkle?

[zh.@desc]
在风暴岛，自由小马利亚的大选近日落下帷幕，但却引发了意想不到的波澜：不出意外，自由谐律党再次赢得大选，继续执政。但带领自由谐律党获得此次胜利的，却不是经验丰富的老党魁余晖烁烁，而是 —— 暮光闪闪？
暮光闪闪在自己的就职仪式上发表演讲，表示将继续延续进步政策，消除不平等和失业，大力发展工业等措施。比起她的施政纲领，“暮光闪闪”的回归本身的影响显然更大，自由小马利亚对这位“暮光闪闪”的态度呈现两级分化。而在其他地方，平等镇的居民们满心欢喜谈论着“公主的回归”，而小马利亚帝国近几日的反抗活动大量上升，甚至有小马在坎特洛特公然挂起暮光闪闪的头像。
也因此，无论是坎特洛特的《帝国日报》还是自由小马利亚的《自由之镜》都不得不一再在新闻刊登澄清声明，暮光闪闪并不是那位“暮光闪闪”，而是一位来自风暴岛的小马，她的名字只是巧合而已。然而，除了名字，她的长相却也与那位前公主（或者从帝国角度说，前战犯）有着惊人的相似之处，让无数记者和政客们都感到困惑。
总之，根据有限的消息，这名“暮光闪闪”和我们熟悉的那位公主比起来更加年轻且单纯，且思想主张和友谊公主存在不小差异。但无论如何，“暮光闪闪”已经回归，肩负起了领导自由小马利亚的责任。无论是否是同一位，世界的目光都会投向这位女孩。

[en.@desc]
In Storm Island, the election of the Free Equestria recently came to an end, but it caused unexpected waves: as expected, the Freedom and Harmony Party once again won the election and continued to govern. However, the unexpected victor who led the Freedom and Harmony Party to victory was not the experienced old leader Sunset Shimmer, but — Twilight Sparkle?
Twilight Sparkle delivered a speech at her inauguration, stating that she would continue progressive policies, eliminate inequality and unemployment, and vigorously develop industry and other measures. Compared to her policy agenda, the impact of Twilight Sparkle’s return itself is obviously greater, and Free Equestria’s attitude towards this “Twilight Sparkle” is divided into two levels. Elsewhere, the residents of Equality Town are talking about the “return of the princess” with joy, and the recent resistance activities in the Equestria Empire have increased significantly, with some ponies even openly hanging up Twilight Sparkle’s portrait in Canterlot.
As a result, whether it is the Empire Daily from Canterlot or the Mirror of Freedom from Free Equestria, they all have to repeatedly publish clarifications in the news that Twilight Sparkles are not the same. This one is just a pony from Storm Island, and her name is just a coincidence. However, besides the name, her appearance also has an astonishing resemblance to that former princess (or from the Empire’s perspective, former war criminal), confusing countless journalists and politicians.
In short, according to limited information, this “Twilight Sparkle” is younger and more naive than the princess we are familiar with, and her ideological beliefs and those of the Friendship Princess are quite different. But in any case, “Twilight Sparkle” has returned and taken on the responsibility of leading Free Equestria. Whether or not she is the same as the other, she has the world’s attention.

[zh.@o0]
暮光再临
[en.@o0]
Twilight Once More
