[zh.@]
小马国北火车站箭头记录
[en.@]
Equestria North Train Station Bugging Log
[zh.@desc]
“咚、咚。” 一名帝国的士兵拿着一份文件，敲响了坎特洛特皇宫外，小马利亚帝国北军区军部某办公室的大门。
“长官！我有重要信息汇报！” 士兵的眼光坚定，甚至还有些激动。这名忠诚的帝国士兵刚刚从北火车站战区前线撤退回来，那里正在遭到星光抵抗军炮火的猛烈攻击。
这名士兵注意到，前线的军官们并没有在商量如何应对，而是正在商量如何逃跑。他自己没有权力做出决定，但他知道，这是一个重要的战略要点，不能丢失。于是他决定，来到军部，向上级汇报。
在等了半分钟没有得到回应后，他忍不住直接闯入了办公室，看见军部的高级军官们围坐在壁炉前生着火，抽着烟，讨论着。
“我要报告发生在小马国北火车站的一起叛国行为！前线军官在密谋逃跑！” 士兵站直，向屋子里的高级军官们敬礼，并递上了文件——他偷偷打印出来的小马国北火车站监听记录。这名士兵就负责队伍中的监听工作。
一名高级军官接过了文件，看完皱紧了眉头，抬头看了看这名士兵。士兵也激动地看着他，希望得到忠诚的嘉奖。
然而他得到的却是严厉的训斥：“你这不也逃跑回来了吗？回到你的前线去，士兵，管好你自己的事！这种小事情别再上报浪费时间了！”
士兵愣住了，他没有想到自己的忠诚竟然会被误解成胆怯。他的眼泪差点掉下来，但他还是强忍住了。
也许确实是。士兵转念一想，坎特洛特的高级军官们日夜操劳，要面对的是整个国家整条战线的问题，他们没有时间去关心一个地区长官逃跑这种小事。
是自己浪费他们时间了。想到这里，士兵认真而饱含歉意地向一屋子表情严肃而愤怒的高级军官敬礼，迅速转身离开了办公室。
关上门，高级军官们的表情立即变得轻松起来，他们继续抽起烟，将这份文件也扔进了壁炉中生火，并且继续了他们刚才讨论的话题：
“你觉得，我们从坎特洛特哪里可以溜出去而不被女皇发现？”
[en.@desc]
“Knock, knock.” A soldier of the Empire knocked on the door of an office of the Equestria Empire Northern Military District Headquarters outside the Canterlot Palace,
“Commander! I have important information to report!” The soldier’s eyes were firm, even a little excited. This loyal soldier had just retreated from the front line of the North Train Station war zone, which was under fierce attack by the Starlight Resistance.
The soldier noticed that the officers on the front line were not discussing how to respond, but how to run away. He himself had no power to make decisions, but he knew that this was an important strategic point that could not be lost. So he decided to come to the military headquarters and report this to the superiors.
After waiting for half a minute without a response, he couldn’t help but break into the office directly, seeing the senior officers of the military department sitting around the fireplace, smoking and discussing.
“I want to report an act of treason at the Equestria North Train Station! The front-line officers are conspiring to escape!” The soldier stood up straight, saluted the senior officers in the room, and handed over the document - the Equestria North Train Station bugging log that he secretly printed. This soldier was responsible for the monitoring and bugging work in the army.
A senior officer took the document, frowned after reading it, and looked up at the soldier. The soldier also looked at him excitedly, hoping to get a commendation of loyalty.
However, what he got was a stern rebuke: “Aren’t you running back too? Go back to your front line, soldier, and take care of your own business! Don’t waste time reporting such trivial matters!”
The soldier was stunned. He did not expect his loyalty to be misunderstood as cowardice. Tears almost fell from his eyes, but he still held back.
Maybe that’s true. The soldier thought to himself. The senior officers in Canterlot worked day and night, facing the problems of the entire country and the entire front line. They didn’t have time to care about the trivial matter of a regional commander fleeing.
He wasted their time. Thinking of this, the soldier apologized and saluted the room full of serious and angry senior officers with seriousness, and quickly left the office.
After closing the door, the expressions of the senior officers immediately relaxed, they continued to smoke, threw the document into the fireplace and lit it, and continued the topic they had just discussed:
“Where do you think we can sneak out of Canterlot without being discovered by the Empress?”
[zh.@o0]
“谁负责监听我们？”“我。”“太好了。”
[en.@o0]
“Who is responsible for bugging us?” “Me.” “Great.”
