[zh.@]
一次私密的谈话
[en.@]
A private conversation
[zh.@desc]
苹果丽丽痛苦的抱着脑袋，她刚才听到了一个截然不同的事实。作为苹果家族的新星，当她与她的朋友们一同在帝国的腹地起义时，她对苹果派家族这些年发生的事情毫不知情。当战争结束后，她本以为可以荣归故里，却没想到这里已经不符往昔。窗外，大洛克维尔的旗帜安静的在空中飘动着，莫丝清香擦着止不住泪水的眼睛，嘴巴微张，想说点什么安慰的话，但她不知道该如何下口，甚至此刻她自己才是那个更该被安慰的小马，她才将从她是如何认识石青派到石青派让她去行刺布雷本，再到石青派进军苹果鲁萨的事情全都一股脑的说了出来，她本以为她会将这个秘密一直埋藏下去，又或者把这个秘密说出来能让自己好受一些，可惜俩者都没有。因为现在的情况已经远远超过了她的想象，作为始作俑者的自己应该承担相应的责任。石青派正以苹果家族和派家族的名义将自己的矛头指向一个又一个国家，和平像树上的苹果，它永远在伸蹄可得的上方，但又永远够不着。她变了，苹果鲁萨和采石农场大地上的小马们也是。前不久的公开葬礼上，石青派虚假的讲述着她与布雷本始终如一的亲密关系是怎么被帝国摧毁殆尽，而台下大量的小马一遍又一遍呼喊着她的名字，这一幕让莫丝清香更加反胃和惶恐。莫丝清香庆幸自己现在还活着，没有被洛克维尔的公共事务局的特务以什么奇怪的名义关进不见天日的牢房，这或许证明石青派还相信着自己不会透露秘密，又或者石青派也真的在把自己当做亲戚和挚友

“你是说，是石青姐姐想要谋害布雷本哥哥，还把他关到了一个神秘地点？”苹果丽丽用沙哑而难以置信的语气低声说道，随后用那双忧伤的大眼睛看向莫丝清香：“我不敢相信石青姐姐居然会骗我.......可是这不是你的错，至少不是你一匹小马的”“不，我知道我自己做了什么，我的一念之间产生了如今的结果”莫丝清香全身颤抖的说道
[en.@desc]
Apple Bloom clutched her head in pain, having just heard a completely different truth.

As a rising star of the Apple family, she had been completely unaware of what had happened within the Apple Pie family over the years while she and her friends were leading an uprising deep in the Empire’s territory.

When the war ended, she had expected to return home in glory — but she never imagined that everything here would be so different from the past.

Outside the window, the flag of Greater Rockville fluttered silently in the air. Mossy Scent wiped away her unstoppable tears, her mouth slightly open, wanting to say something comforting, but unable to find the words. In truth, she herself was the one who needed comfort the most.

She had just confessed everything: how she met Limestone Pie, how Limestone had asked her to assassinate Braeburn, and finally, how Limestone Pie had marched into Appleloosa. She had thought she would keep these secrets buried forever, or perhaps that revealing them might ease her conscience. But neither happened.

Now, the situation had far exceeded her imagination. As the one who set all this in motion, she knew she had to bear the responsibility.

Limestone Pie, in the name of both the Apple family and the Pie family, was turning her wrath toward one nation after another. Peace was like an apple hanging from a tree — always just within reach of her hoof, yet forever unattainable.

She had changed. So had Appleloosa, and the ponies working the land of the quarry farm.

At Braeburn’s recent public funeral, Limestone Pie had falsely recounted how her unwavering bond with him had been utterly destroyed by the Empire. In the crowd below, countless ponies shouted her name again and again. The scene made Mossy Scent feel even more nauseated and fearful.

She was grateful, at least, to still be alive — not locked away in a windowless cell under some strange charge by Rockville’s Bureau of Public Affairs. Perhaps this meant that Limestone Pie still trusted her not to reveal secrets… or perhaps Limestone truly saw her as family and a close friend.

“Are you saying… it was Limestone Pie who wanted to harm Braeburn, and even locked him away in some mysterious place?” Apple Bloom whispered hoarsely, her voice full of disbelief.

She looked at Mossy Scent with those sorrowful, wide eyes.
“I can’t believe Limestone would lie to me… but this isn’t your fault. At least… not yours alone.”

“No,” Mossy Scent said, trembling all over. “I know what I did. That one single choice… it led to everything that’s happening now.”

[zh.@o0]
现在我只想弥补这一点
[en.@o0]
Now I just want to make up for this
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
苹果丽丽将策划解救布雷本
[en.@TOOLTIP]
Apple Bloom will plan to rescue Braeburn
