[zh.@]
意见分歧
[en.@]
Disagreements Among the Sisters
[zh.@desc]
走出病房，姐妹之间少有的互相争吵起来， 刚才协调一致的决定在火岩派开口的那一刻就已经烟消云散。石青派仍然坚决要求把父母送到坎特洛特去，虽然刚才的一幕令她心痛不已，但是至少证明了帝国说不定真的有能力治好她的父母。然而，石灰派却选择了顺从父母的话，此时此刻，应该与大局为重，如果采石农场真正的成为了帝国的附属，那么这只会让农场乃至至今还在奋战的抵抗者们更加心寒和无助。其实，她们都无比理解的对方，只是站在自己的角度，她们无法放弃自己的立场。玉琪派一直没有发表意见，这是她俩个姐姐该考虑的问题，作为最小的妹妹，她不知道该作何决定，她看着双方，直到石青派突然开口。
“玉琪派，你怎么想?”  石青派上一秒还在和石灰派争吵，下一秒就突然看向了她 “我.........我”  玉琪派瞬间慌了神  “没关系，玉琪派，我们听你的”石灰派强颜欢笑，用平静的语气说着，同时把蹄子搭在玉琪派的腰上，鼓励她开口。
玉琪派看了看她的俩个姐姐，又看向了病房内再次奄奄一息的父母，她心一横，闭上眼睛小声说道“我想...........我想.......姐姐你说过，我们永远是派家小马”。石灰派愣住了，她有些失望，但是她很快对着石青派点了点头


[en.@desc]
Leaving the hospital room, the Pie sisters found themselves in an unusual argument. The unanimous decision they had just made evaporated the moment Igneous Rock Pie spoke.
Lumen LearningLimestone Pie remained adamant about sending their parents to Canterlot. Although the earlier scene had deeply pained her, it at least proved that the Empire might have the capability to heal them.However, Maud Pie chose to honor their parents’ wishes. At this moment, the greater good should prevail. If the quarry farm truly became an annex of the Empire, it would only make the farm and the remaining resistance fighters feel more despondent and helpless.
In reality, both sisters understood each other’s perspectives. They just couldn’t abandon their own stances.Marble Pie had remained silent. This was an issue for her two older sisters to consider. As the youngest, she didn’t know what decision to make. She looked at both sides until Limestone Pie suddenly spoke.

"Marble Pie, what do you think?" Limestone Pie, who had been arguing with Maud Pie just a moment ago, now turned to her.

"I... I..." Marble Pie panicked instantly.

"It’s okay, Marble Pie, we'll listen to you," Maud Pie said with a forced smile, her tone calm, as she placed a hoof around Marble Pie’s waist to encourage her to speak.Marble Pie glanced at her two sisters and then at their parents, who were once again on the brink of death. She steeled herself, closed her eyes, and softly said, "I want... I want... you said, we will always be Pie family ponies."Maud Pie was stunned. She felt a pang of disappointment but quickly nodded at Limestone Pie.
[zh.@o0]
派家三姐妹决定姑且答应帝国的要求
[en.@o0]
The Pie sisters decided to tentatively agree to the Empire’s request.
