[zh.@]
贵客
[en.@]
Honored Guest

[zh.@desc]
羽蝶已经来到层云堡一段时间了，但这还是第一次，他见到了层云堡自治领领长喷火。
羽蝶文质彬彬地做到了喷火的办公桌前，看了看面前冒着热气的星璇咖啡，将其推到了一边。他看了喷火一眼，便开始解释他的提案，“自从层云堡实施自由贸易以来，经济增长...”
喷火眼看着羽蝶拿出一份份数据，表格，折线图，饼图... 差点想要打个哈欠。她用翅膀轻轻敲打着桌面，心里想着：真是个无趣的家伙。
“... 如果我们气象局宣布对天气工厂进行市场化改革，预计在几个月内，我们就可以——”
喷火终于忍不住了，打断了羽蝶的长篇大论：“乘风。我打算把天气工厂交给乘风，今天下午我就要和他也谈一谈。毕竟我们都知道，你私有化后，最终还是会被委员会买下的。”
羽蝶愣了几秒，继续说道：“确实，商业委员会的垄断行为值得我们关注。但我相信，随着市场自发的调节，通过引入外部竞争者，我们可以打破——”
喷火又一次打断了他：“不是这个意思，“我邀请你来当然不是因为这个原因。而是彩虹工厂，我希望你能劝说一下劳雷特小姐...”

[en.@desc]
Feather Flatterfly had been in Stratusburg for some time, but this marked his first meeting with Spitfire, the Governor of the Stratusburg Dominion.
The impeccably groomed diplomat settled across from Spitfire’s desk, eyed the steaming Starswirl coffee, and discreetly pushed it aside. After a measured glance at his host, he launched into his presentation: “Since the implementation of free trade in Stratusburg, economic growth...”
Spitfire watched as Feather produced spreadsheet after spreadsheet — line graphs, pie charts, statistical models — barely suppressing a yawn. Her wings twitched impatiently against the desk. What a tedious bureaucrat, she thought.
“... if the Weather Bureau initiates market-oriented reforms for the Weather Factory, we project that within months we could —”
“Wind Rider.” Spitfire finally cut through the droning presentation. “I’m giving the Weather Factory to Wind Rider. In fact, I’ll be meeting him this afternoon.” She leaned forward, her voice dropping. “Because we both know your privatization would just end with the Chamber of Commerce buying everything anyway.”
Feather blinked, momentarily taken aback. “True, the Chamber of Commerce’s monopolistic practices warrant our attention. But I believe that with the market’s self-regulation and the introduction of external competitors, we can break —”
Spitfire interrupted again, her tone firm: “That’s not the point. I didn’t invite you here for that. It’s about the Rainbow Factory. I need you to have a word with Miss Laurette about...”

[zh.@o0]
各司其职
[en.@o0]
Each to own jobs
