[zh.@]
日志 II.2
[en.@]
Log II.2

[zh.@desc]
• 2月6日
研究记录10：为了治好我对着墙自言自语的毛病，我养了一只宠物松鼠——不是关在笼子里那种，只是我在野外无意间遇到的一只。现在我终于有了除那面墙以外的对象可以交流了。今天做了更多的实验尝试验证自己的猜想，不过不出意外，对面也在做相同的实验，结果依然像是我在对着一面镜子发疯。不过值得注意的是，对面世界的物理法则也一定与我们相反，我试了一些顺时针逆时针的东西，对面也一模一样地模仿着。
• 2月7日
已经将目前的这些结论§2上报给险崇峰§!了，我估计也要被§2调离这里去帮助青草§!做一些植物学研究了。这些水晶矿虽然是好东西，但是并不是麒麟社群最紧急需要的东西。雨晴说，解除“静默”需要大量的那种什么呼吸花，而现在麒麟族的种植量远远不足，所有科学家都应该优先去帮助研究提高那种花的产量的工作。唉！不如杀了我算了，植物学？我一个做实验物理的，懂什么植物学？也许到时候的我的工作也就是给组长青草端茶倒水了。
• 2月8日
今天就少记录点吧，收拾东西，准备去麒麟之森了。可怜了我的小朱莉安娜，我们才相处没两天 —— 哦，朱莉安娜是我给我的小松鼠起的名字。我要带着她回去吗，还是就让她住在这里比较好？你说呢，朱莉安娜？狭关这里花草很多，你能吃得饱；在险崇峰有些麒麟养着猫和狗，可能对你来说反而更危险一点。糟糕，怎么又录了这么多，得抓紧收拾东西了。等一下，我好像刚刚看到了什么东西... 在那面墙上是出现了一道一闪而过的§0深紫色裂隙§!吗？就只存在了一瞬间，可能只是我眼花了吧。嘿！朱莉安娜，你要去哪，快回来！你也看到了什么吗？等一下，为什么朱莉安娜在墙上没有倒影！我记得之前是有的！嘿！对面的我，你刚刚是不是说了一句：“为什么我的朱莉安娜不见了？” 等等，等等，等等，等等，等等... 让我先说，你先安静下来，让我先说，等一下，停，停，停！（漫长的一段沉默）
“很高兴认识你，另一个我！”
§b“你好，另一个我！”§!

[en.@desc]
- February 6
Research log 10: In order to cure my condition of talking to the wall or myself, I raised a pet squirrel — a real one, not the kind that is kept in a cage, just one that I accidentally encountered in the wild. Now I finally have something to communicate with, other than that wall. Today I did more experiments to try to verify my guess, but unsurprisingly, the other side is also doing the same experiments, and the experiments still look like, from an outsider’s perspective, I’m going crazy talking to a mirror. However, it is worth noting that the laws of physics in the other world must be opposite to ours. I tried some clockwise and counterclockwise things, and the other side also mimicked them exactly the same.
- February 7
I have §2submitted my current conclusions about this to the Peaks of Peril§!, and I guess I will be §2transferred from here to help Grass-Green§! with her botanical research. Although these crystal mines are good things, they are not the most urgent needs of the Kirin commune. Rain Shine said that a large amount of that breath flower is needed to lift the Stream of Silence, and the current planting volume of the Kirin tribe is far from enough. All scientists should prioritize helping to improve the yield of that flower. Ah! Just kill me, why botanical research? I’m an experimental physicist, what do I know about botany? Maybe my job then will be to serve tea and water to the team leader Grass-Green.
- February 8
I guess today’s recording will be brief, pack up and get ready to go to the Kirin Forest. Sad news for my little Juliana, we’ve only been together for a few days — oh, Juliana is the name I gave to my little squirrel. Should I take her back with me, or is it better to let her stay here in the wild? What do you think, Juliana? There are many flowers and grasses here in the Narrow Gate, plenty of food for you to eat. While in the Peaks of Peril some Kirins are keeping cats and dogs as pets, which might be dangerous for you. Oh shoot! I’m recording too much again, I have to hurry up and pack. Wait, what was that? Did I just see a §0deep purple rift§! flash across that wall? Emm... must have been my eyes playing tricks on me. Hey! Juliana, where are you going? Come back! Did you see something too? Wait, why does Juliana have no reflection on the wall! I remember she had an image before! Hey! Me on the other side, did you just say: “Why is my Juliana gone?” Wait stop talking, stop, stop, stop! (A long silence)
“Nice to meet you, the other me!”
§b“Hello, the other me!”§!


[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m Done

[zh.@o1]
上一页
[en.@o1]
Prev Page

