[zh.@NAME]
暮光闪闪 (Sci-Twi)
[en.@NAME]
Sci-Twi

[zh.@DESC]
有时候，一些神奇而无厘头的事情会在极短的时间里改变一个人的一生。Sci-Twi在不到一年的时间里，遭遇了异常能量，魔力失控，获得超能力，得知平行宇宙的存在，结交一群有魔法的朋友，转校以及参与一次对异世界邪恶独裁政权的抵抗运动。令她不禁感慨自己的青春岁月是如此丰富多彩。

对于那位“友谊公主”的态度，Sci-Twi的心情是复杂的。一方面，公主在友谊方面帮助了自己很多，在社交和管理方面的天赋远超目前的自己。Sci-Twi从另一个自己身上隐约瞧见一个完美的影子。而另一方面来说，她是一个独立的人，她不希望自己因为另一个更完美版本而被贴上标签，被作出更高要求。身边的人总是不自觉将自己与那位友谊公主做对比，这令她压力巨大。仿佛自己不再是自己，只是一个临时填充“友谊公主”空位的替补角色罢了。过去的时间里，她一直在努力证明自己不是那位友谊公主暮光闪闪的复制品，她就是暮光闪闪，一个成绩不错的书呆子，喜欢鼓捣些小研究的姑娘。仅此而已。

对于Sci-Twi而言，余晖烁烁与身边的人都是她的朋友。尤其是余晖烁烁，她能感受到这个姑娘坚强的外表下有着一颗与自己一样敏感脆弱的内心：她们都曾有着糟糕的过去；她们都对未来感到迷茫；她们都对自己的现状感到困惑。尽管她们的友谊并不总是一帆风顺，但余晖烁烁依旧是自己世界中的一抹光亮，她也相信对方也是如此看待自己。在得知终末之战的消息时，Sci-Twi几乎和余晖一样震惊。随后的时间里，余晖烁烁一直在为了小马利亚所忙碌，而Sci-Twi则充当了余晖的坚强后盾。但很快Sci-Twi发现余晖产生了一些变化，以至于她与朋友们之间的友谊产生了裂痕。Sci-Twi不清楚发生了什么，但她明白自己是这个可怜姑娘的唯一依靠。

对魔法的深入研究与身边越来越多的异常现象让她心生恐惧，她只能期盼着这一切结束的那天，当一切恢复正常的时候，朋友们可以再度欢聚，她们将重新回到过去的温婉时光里。

§R希望如此。§!
[en.@DESC]
Sometimes, magical and nonsensical things can change a person’s life in a very short time. In less than a year, Sci-Twi has encountered abnormal energy, lost control of magic, gained superpowers, learned about the existence of parallel universes, made friends with magical friends, transferred schools, and participated in a resistance movement against an evil dictatorship in another world. She couldn’t help but marvel at how rich her life was in just her teens.

Regarding the attitude towards the “Friendship Princess”, Sci-Twi’s feelings are complex. On the one hand, the princess has helped her a lot in terms of friendship. The princess’s talents in socializing and managing far exceed her current self. Sci-Twi vaguely sees a perfect shadow of herself in the other self. On the other hand, Sci-Twi is an independent person. She does not want to be labeled or demanded more because of another more perfect version. People around her always unconsciously compare her with the Friendship Princess, which puts her under tremendous peer pressure. It’s as if she is no longer herself, but just a substitute for the “Friendship Princess”, whose position is temporarily vacant. She has been trying to prove all the time that she is not a cheap mock-up of Twilight Sparkle, the Friendship Princess, but just Twilight Sparkle, a nerd with a good grade, a little teenage girl who likes to tinker with small research. That’s it.

To Sci-Twi it is, Sunset Shimmer and the people around her are her friends, especially Sunset Shimmer. She can feel that under the strong appearance, Sunset has a sensitive and fragile heart just like her: they both have had a bad past; they are both confused about the future; they are both confused about their current identity. Although their friendship is not always smooth sailing, Sunset Shimmer is still a bright light in her world, and she believes that Sunset Shimmer also sees her in the same way.

When she learned about the news of the Ultimate Battle, Sci-Twi was almost as shocked as Sunset. In the following time, Sunset has been busy for Equestria, and Sci-Twi has been the strong backing of Sunset. But soon Sci-Twi found that Sunset had changed. The friendship between Sunset and her friends began to crack. Sci-Twi was not sure what had happened, but she understood that she was the only reliance of this poor fella.

As Sci-Twi continued to study magic and abnormal phenomena around her, she became more and more frightened. She could only hope for the day when everything would end, when everything would return to normal, when friends could gather again, and they would return to the gentle times of the past.

§RShe hoped so. §!
