[zh.@]
失败的秘密行动
[en.@]
Failed Secret Operation
[zh.@desc]
“你知道我准备了多久吗？你这个蠢货，要我看，你就是压根就是不敢”石青派看着眼前激烈的争吵，感到有些烦躁，虽然理论上最该生气的是她才对，但她现在没有这个心情。当莫丝清香回到了这个秘密会议室里，令石青派和奥塔维奥失望的事还是发生了，她费劲一番波折并没有找到机会去做这件事，布雷本现在还在活蹦乱跳。奥塔维奥气不过，跟她互相辱骂了起来，但是石青派隐隐约约感觉这背后另有隐情。但是好在，至少布雷本没有察觉到石青派的意图，不然，麻烦可就大了，可西也能坐收渔翁之利，只能说现在的情况是不幸中的万幸。
“都住嘴！”石青派发话了，俩个小马无奈的闭上了嘴。莫丝清香感到有些对不起石青派，其实，她确实曾有过机会，但她只是没下定决心去做这件事。“莫丝清香，我不怪你，不用为此自责”莫丝清香听到后，感激的看向她的姐姐，看见石青派站在另一边后，奥塔维奥轻蔑的哼了一声
石青派其实始终没去纠结这个问题，在事实面前，对错是非并不重要。真正值得她思考的是下一步该怎么办，她差一点就能把整个苹果鲁萨收为囊中之物，她真的不想就这么接受自己的失败，然后前功尽弃。奥塔维奥看到石青派思考的模样，看出了这一点，不禁疑惑的而又有一丝害怕的问了一句“不会吧？你不打算放弃吗”石青派没有理他，只是摆了摆蹄子，让他俩先离开这里
[en.@desc]
"Do you know how long I've been preparing for this? You idiot! In my opinion, you just didn’t have the guts," Limestone Pie watched the heated argument before her with growing irritation. Although, in theory, she should have been the angriest, she simply wasn’t in the mood.

When Mossy returned to the secret meeting room, the disappointing outcome that Limestone Pie and Octavio had feared came to pass: despite her efforts, Mossy hadn’t found the opportunity to carry out the plan. Braeburn was still alive and well. Octavio, unable to contain his frustration, began hurling insults, leading to a shouting match between the two. Yet, Limestone Pie sensed there might be more to the story.

Fortunately, Braeburn hadn’t detected Limestone Pie’s intentions. Otherwise, the situation could have escalated, allowing Cozy Glow to benefit from the chaos. As it stood, things were unfortunate but not disastrous.

"Enough! Both of you, be quiet!" Limestone Pie commanded. The two ponies fell silent. Mossy felt a pang of guilt. She had, in fact, had a chance but couldn’t bring herself to go through with it.

"Mossy, I don’t blame you. Don’t beat yourself up over this," Limestone Pie said. Mossy looked at her sister with gratitude. Seeing Limestone Pie’s stance, Octavio scoffed dismissively.

Limestone Pie didn’t dwell on the matter. In the face of reality, right and wrong seemed irrelevant. What truly mattered was determining the next course of action. She had been so close to bringing all of Appleloosa under her control. She wasn’t ready to accept defeat and let all her efforts go to waste.

Observing Limestone Pie deep in thought, Octavio sensed her resolve and, with a mix of curiosity and apprehension, asked, "You're not thinking of giving up, are you?" Limestone Pie didn’t respond. She simply gestured for the two to leave.
[zh.@o0]
石青派决定继续策划一场军事政变推翻布雷本
[en.@o0]
Limestone Pie decides to continue planning a military coup to overthrow Braeburn.
[zh.@o1]
石青派还是放弃了自己危险的念头
[en.@o1]
Limestone Pie ultimately abandons her dangerous idea.