[zh.@]
天使投资 · 上
[en.@]
Angel Investor · I

[zh.@desc]
喷火的办公室里，金边珐琅杯里的黑咖啡仍在冒热气。

喷火并不喜欢这种咖啡，更别提这杯价值三枚金币的星璇咖啡像贪婪的黑色漩涡般旋转着用掉了喷火的最后半罐方糖。当前层云堡资金紧张，气象学研究、小餐馆扩建、重建闪电天马学院，这每一项开销都是小小的层云堡当前无法支付的沉重负担，喷火更不可能花费额外的开销去享受奢侈的咖啡了。不，这杯咖啡是喷火为一位来客准备的，一位可以解决所有上述问题的来客。

不一会儿，一只一身黑色西装的雌性飞马，后面还带着两名保镖，走了进来。劳雷特·多芙，多芙家族的继承者。劳雷特小姐并不算富有，甚至比不上层云堡的一些商业委员会成员。但劳雷特小姐算是最他们之中最慷慨的一位 —— 也许仅次于曾经的瑞瑞。她从不介意将家族的资产投资到一些看不到什么短期回报的项目中去。事实上在塞拉斯蒂娅公主还当政的时代，劳雷特为闪电天马队提供了不少无偿资助；如今商业委员会中一些远远比劳雷特富裕的小马，都是从劳雷特哪里获得了第一桶金才发家致富的。此前几年，当层云堡从帝国拿到的补贴短一时间不足以支撑开销时，劳雷特也都会大方地为政府提供低息贷款，帮助层云堡渡过难关；在饥荒之时，劳雷特小姐也会自己出资购买粮食分发给民众。

因此，喷火非常有信心，劳雷特会帮助政府再次解决资金问题 —— 直到劳雷特小姐坐下，将面前的咖啡推到了一边。

劳雷特小姐凝视着墙上历届小马利亚运动会赞助商名单中排行首位镶着金边的“劳雷特·多芙”牌子，许久才开口，语气中仍带着迟疑。

“额...我不得不说你们提出的餐馆扩建计划非常具有吸引力，”

[en.@desc]
Inside Spitfire’s office, the black coffee in the gilt-edged enamel cup is still steaming.

Spitfire is not an appreciator of this kind of coffee, not to mention this cup of Starswirl coffee worth three gold coins, like a black vortex, used up the last half jar of sugar of her. Currently, Cloudsdale is financially strained, with expenses for meteorological research, small diner expansions, and the reconstruction of the Wonderbolts Academy, all of which are heavy burdens that the small Cloudsdale cannot afford. Spitfire certainly cannot afford the extra expense to enjoy luxurious coffee. No, this cup of coffee is prepared for a special guest, a guest who can solve all the aforementioned problems.

Soon, a female pegasus in a black suit, followed by two bodyguards, walked in. Laurette Dove, the heir of the Dove family. Miss Laurette is not considered wealthy compared to some members of the Cloudsdale Chamber of Commerce. However, Miss Laurette is the most generous among the rich — perhaps only second to Rarity back then. She never minds investing the family’s assets into projects that do not see any short-term returns. In fact, during Princess Celestia’s reign, Laurette provided a lot of free funding for the Wonderbolt team; some ponies in the Chamber of Commerce, who are now far wealthier than Laurette, got their start-up capital from her back then. In recent years, when the subsidies from the Empire were insufficient to cover expenses, Laurette also generously provided low-interest loans to help Cloudsdale through tough times; during the famine, Miss Laurette would also buy food with her own money to distribute to the poor.

Therefore, Spitfire is very confident that Laurette will offer help to the government to solve the financial difficulty again — until Miss Laurette sat down and pushed the coffee in front of her aside.

Miss Laurette stared at the gold-edged plaque with her name at the top of the list of “sponsors of the past Equestria Games” on the wall, for a long long time before speaking, still with hesitation in her voice.

“Emm... I have to say, the diner expansion plan you proposed is very attractive,”

[zh.@o0]
“但是...？”
[en.@o0]
“But...?”