[zh.@]
《层云堡小餐馆扩建计划》
[en.@]
Stratusburg Diner Expansion Plan

[zh.@desc]
由破空与雾轨经营的层云堡小餐馆，长久以来是层云堡居民夜生活的重要组成部分，即使是喷火自己也会隔三差五地来这里与居民们共同干杯庆祝。不过，破空提交的这份报告显示，因为小餐馆对层云堡居民的价格实惠，所以小餐馆的盈利本身并不算太高。破空希望扩建小餐馆，面向不仅仅是层云堡，而且是整个大云中城地区开放，以提升小餐馆的盈利能力。在报告中，破空相信这不仅仅是为了金币，也是为了扩大层云堡本土品牌的知名度。
除此之外，破空还在报告中提出了一个更加大胆的设想：云中城在呆蹄领主的统治下，对马芬的需求越来越高，层云堡一直保持着对云中城的小规模马芬出口。破空希望通过扩建小餐馆，进而开设专门的马芬工坊，他评估呆蹄会像一个无底洞一样接受层云堡输出的所有马芬，这将是一个巨大的商机。更进一步，提案表示扩建餐馆的费用由破空与雾轨自行承担，喷火不需要为此担心。
破空与雾轨是喷火的老朋友了，早在闪电天马学院时期，喷火是教练，而破空与雾轨则是最优秀的学生之二。训练时，破空时常做出一些鲁莽的决定，但他的飞行能力总是足以让他逃脱后果；雾轨则是一个非常稳重的飞行员，在训练中通常保持低调与谨慎。但这次的提案仅仅来自于破空，并没有雾轨的签名，这值得注意。
[en.@desc]
The Stratusburg Diner operated by Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail has long been an important part of the night life of Stratusburg residents. Even Spitfire herself will come here every now and then to celebrate with the residents. However, the report submitted by Sky Stinger shows that, as the Diner is trying to keep an affordable price for the residents, the profit of the Diner itself is not too high. Sky Stinger hopes to expand the Diner, not only for Stratusburg, but also for the Greater Cloudsdale area, to increase the profitability of the Diner. In the report, Sky Stinger believed that this is not just for gold coins, but also to increase the popularity of the local brand of Stratusburg.
In addition, Sky Stinger also proposed a more ambitious idea in the report: under Duchess Derpy’s rule, the demand for muffins in Cloudsdale is increasing, and Stratusburg has always maintained a small-scale muffin export to Cloudsdale. Sky Stinger hopes to open a dedicated muffin workshop by expanding the Diner, and he estimates that Duchess Derpy will accept all the muffins exported from Stratusburg like a bottomless pit, which will be a huge business opportunity. Furthermore, the proposal states that the cost of expanding the Diner will be borne by Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail themselves, so Spitfire does not need to worry about it.
Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail are old friends of Spitfire. Back in the Wonderbolts Academy, Spitfire was a coach, and Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail were two of the best students. During training, Sky Stinger often made some reckless decisions, but his flying ability was always enough to get him out of trouble; on the other hoof, Vapor Trail was a very stable pilot, and usually kept a low profile and caution during training. However, this proposal only comes from Sky Stinger, and there is no signature from Vapor Trail, which is worth noting.

[zh.@o0]
帮助我们的老朋友...？
[en.@o0]
Help our old friends...?
