[zh.@]
从层云堡到坎特洛特
[en.@]
From Stratusburg to Canterlot
[zh.@desc]
列车正在缓缓驶入坎特洛特，坐在特殊车厢窗边的喷火，略感紧张，但并不慌乱。
喷火很清楚，女皇这次邀请她参加的并不是一次会面，而是一场陷阱。在离开层云堡之前，喷火已经向所有居民发布了通告，告诉他们自己将前往坎特洛特，如果没能回来，那么起义将会立刻爆发，无法停止，直到层云堡的最后一名居民被帝国军队杀死。这便是层云堡的秘密武器——团结。喷火信任层云堡的居民，她相信他们会坚守自己的立场，而这种抵抗到底的威慑，就足以让帝国军队望而却步。
帝国想要的是什么？帝国并不需要层云堡的资源，也不需要在层云堡征兵，帝国需要的是一个榜样，一个示范，一个帝国有能力控制和逼迫自己的领土按照中央意愿行事的证明。一方面，这意味着如果有必要，帝国一定会将他们的威慑贯彻到底，否则层云堡对帝国的拒绝将成为各个领地效仿的对象。但另一方面，这也意味着层云堡孱弱的威慑变得强大：即使层云堡一定会输，如果层云堡与帝国镇压的军队血战到最后一刻，这种代价以及舆论影响，对帝国来说也是无法承受的。
所以，只要冲突的代价双方都无法接受，这就一场鹰鸽博弈，一场勇敢者的游戏。而喷火坚信层云堡将会胜利的原因也就明显了——喷火比和煦的意志更加坚定，层云堡的居民比帝国的政府更团结，更勇敢。这就足矣让小小的层云堡与帝国这个庞然大物平起平坐了。
[en.@desc]
The train is slowly entering Canterlot. Spitfire, sitting by the window of the special carriage, feels a little nervous but not flustered.
Spitfire is well aware that the Empress’s invitation this time is not for a meeting but a trap. Before leaving Stratusburg, Spitfire had issued a notice to all residents, telling them that she would go to Canterlot. If she couldn’t come back, then the uprising would immediately break out and couldn’t be stopped until the last resident of Stratusburg was killed by the imperial army. This is Stratusburg’s secret weapon — unity. Spitfire trusts the residents of Stratusburg. She believes they will stick to their position. This deterrence of resistance to the end is enough to make the imperial army hesitate.
What does the Empire want? The Empire doesn’t need the resources of Stratusburg or conscription in Stratusburg. What the Empire needs is an example, a demonstration, proof that the Empire has the ability to control and coerce its territories to act according to the central will. On the one hoof, this means that if necessary, the Empire will carry out its deterrence to the end. Otherwise, Stratusburg’s refusal to the Empire will become an object for other territories to follow. But on the other hoof, this also means that Stratusburg’s weak deterrence becomes strong: even if Stratusburg is sure to lose, if Stratusburg fight the army of the Empire to the last moment, the cost and public opinion impact will be unbearable for the Empire.
So, as long as the cost of the conflict is unacceptable to both sides, this is a game of hawks and doves, a game of the brave. The reason why Spitfire firmly believes that Stratusburg will win is also obvious — Spitfire is more determined than Cozy Glow, the residents of Stratusburg are more united and braver than the Empire’s government. This is enough to make the small Stratusburg an equal counterpart to the monstrous Empire.
[zh.@o0]
那就来聊聊
[en.@o0]
Then Let’s Talk

