[zh.@]
淘汰者档案：滚雷
[en.@]
The Washouts Profile: Rolling Thunder

[zh.@desc]
相比于淘汰者的创建者闪尘，滚雷反而是淘汰者中最臭名昭著的一个。滚雷与闪尘一样不惧危险，她享受在危险边缘跳舞的刺激感觉，也是闪电天马学院历史上为数不多因为“在九百万伏高压电的雷暴中做滚筒翻转”而被开除的学员。当一只飞马有过这样的经历后，生活中的一切对她来说都不能再称得上刺激了。即使是加入淘汰者，她也并不可能满足于简单的表演，而是要在其他方面寻找刺激。
终末之战后，她主动选择接受皇家委员会的任命代理管理大云中城地区，成为了云中城临时安保队长。闪尘因不满足于听从权威而选择与滚雷分道扬镳，殊不知滚雷同样不满足于服从权威。滚雷直接私下联系了和煦光流女皇，成为女皇的眼线，在管理大云中城地区的同时，连皇家委员会也成为了她的监控目标。在政治场上的斗争，带给了滚雷意想不到的新刺激：荣华富贵纸醉金迷与对日益增长的权力的渴望，与时时刻刻被暗算出局的危机感，让这个不顾自身安危追求刺激的赌徒像是在雷暴中滚筒翻转一样拼命地向上攀爬。
直到——她宣布动用安保部队镇压天气工厂游行示威鲁莽的决定彻底引爆了云中城的政治危机，也让她的政治生涯走到了尽头。为平息云中城愈演愈烈的动荡，陷身于水晶战争泥潭的和煦光流决定暂时妥协，罢免了滚雷的职务以换取云中城的安宁。滚雷一夜之间从云中城大区区长变成了无名小卒，甚至遭到全城民众的唾弃，只得离开云中城回到闪尘的淘汰者队伍中，等待下一个机会的到来。
正如一个赌徒不可能因为输掉了一把牌而放弃赌局，短短两年的政治生涯让滚雷对权力的渴望已经深入骨髓。有证据表明明，闪尘与军火商的合作、更多灰色交易的背后，都有滚雷的身影。滚雷无疑才是淘汰者中，最受帝国青睐，也最危险的一位。
[en.@desc]
Compared to Lightning Dust, the creator of the Washouts, Rolling Thunder is actually the more notorious one. Just like Lightning Dust, Rolling Thunder is not afraid of danger. She enjoys the thrill of dancing on the edge of danger. She is one of the few students in the history of the Wonderbolts Academy who was expelled for “doing barrel rolls through nine hundred million volts of electricity in a raging thunderstorm”. After having such experience, nothingelse in life can be exciting for her anymore. Even joining the Washouts does not bring her enough level of excitement, and she seeks it in other ways.
After the Ultimate Battle, she voluntarily accepted the Royal Commission’s appointment as the temporary head of security in the Greater Cloudsdale area to govern the region. Lightning Dust, dissatisfied with following authority, chose to part ways with Rolling Thunder. Unbeknownst to Lightning Dust, Rolling Thunder was also dissatisfied with obeying authority. Rolling Thunder directly contacted Empress Cozy Glow in private, becoming her eyes and ears, managing the Greater Cloudsdale area, and even making the Royal Commission her surveillance target. The political struggle brought unexpected new excitement to Rolling Thunder: the intoxication of wealth, the desire for increasing power, and the constant crisis of being plotted against, made this daredevil, who pursues excitement regardless of her safety, climb desperately upward the greasy pole as if doing barrel rolls through a thunderstorm.
Until — her recklessly decided to use security forces to suppress the protest at the Weather Factory, which completely ignited the political crisis in Cloudsdale and brought her political career to an end. To quell the escalating turmoil in Cloudsdale, Cozy Glow, who was embroiled in the quagmire of the Crystal War at the time, decided to compromise. Cozy Glow dismissed Rolling Thunder from her position to settle the peace in Cloudsdale. Overnight, Rolling Thunder went from the head of the Greater Cloudsdale District to a nopony, or worse, a despised nopony by the entire city. She had to leave Cloudsdale and return to Lightning Dust’s Washouts, waiting for her next opportunity.
Just like a gambler cannot give up gambling for one lost, two years of political career have planted the desire for power deep in Rolling Thunder’s bones. Evidence suggests that behind the cooperation between Lightning Dust and arms dealers, and more gray transactions, there is Rolling Thunder’s influence. Rolling Thunder is undoubtedly the most favored one by the Empire as well as the most dangerous one among the Washouts.

[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m done

[zh.@o1]
下一页
[en.@o1]
Next Page

[zh.@o2]
上一页
[en.@o2]
Prev Page