[zh.@]
办公室里的偶遇
[en.@]
Office Encounter
[zh.@desc]
自从野牛事件过后，苹果家族和派家族的关系自那场失败的家族会议后再次被浇上一盆冷水，俩个家族的小马都知道，彼此之间的纽带正在变得愈发脆弱。一些几乎从未被使用过的边境哨所正在重新被启用，苹果家族的士兵出现在早已模糊的边界线上。回忆起几个月前家庭会议的一幕，石青派仍然有些愠怒，她没想过苹果家族和布雷本为何如此绝情，丝毫没有大局观，她给自己倒了一杯苹果酒，望着眼前的战略地图陷入沉思...她本来还没有意识到自己的眼睛已经微微眯了起来，直到一阵她此刻最不想听到的声音从她身后传了出来，
“哟，表姐，你想什么呢”是她令马讨厌的表弟，奥塔维奥·派，作为派家族少有的雄驹，他总是目中无马，总是没有尊敬她这个姐姐的意思“奥塔维奥，我现在没心情陪你胡闹”石青派不客气的说道，此刻她真的很想回到过去，好好向一下她的派奶奶告状，让她不要这么溺爱这个讨厌的家伙。“怎么，还在惦记苹果鲁萨和苹果家族的事情吗？”奥塔维奥吹着小曲，继续靠了过来，石青派只是又抿了一口苹果酒，没有开口反驳。“当时我坐在桃色奶油的旁边，她其实一开始也是赞同你的观点的，直到布雷本站起来搅局，一切就都变糟了”奥塔维奥继续说道。石青派睁大了眼睛，奥塔维奥的话语里未必有问题，她转过头问到：

[en.@desc]
Since the Bison Incident, the relationship between the Apple family and the Pie family has been further strained following the failed family meeting. Both families are aware that their bond is becoming increasingly fragile. Previously unused border outposts are now being reactivated, and Apple family soldiers are appearing along the long-forgotten borders.

Recalling the family meeting from a few months ago, Limestone Pie still feels a surge of anger. She never expected the Apple family and Braeburn to be so heartless, lacking any sense of the bigger picture. Pouring herself a glass of apple cider, she gazes at the strategic map before her, lost in thought. She doesn’t realize her eyes have narrowed slightly until she hears a voice from behind—

“Yo, cousin, what are you thinking about?”

It’s her annoying cousin, Octavio Pie. As one of the few stallions in the Pie family, he always acts arrogantly and never shows her any respect.

“Octavio, I'm not in the mood to deal with your nonsense right now.”

Limestone Pie responds curtly. At this moment, she really wants to go back to the past and complain to Grandma Pie, hoping she wouldn’t spoil this troublesome guy so much.

“What’s wrong? Still thinking about Appleloosa and the Apple family?”

Octavio continues, humming a tune as he approaches. Limestone Pie takes another sip of apple cider without replying.

“I was sitting next to Peach Cream at the time. She actually agreed with your point at first.”

Octavio continues. “Until Braeburn stood up and stirred things up, everything went south.”

Limestone Pie’s eyes widen. Octavio’s words aren’t necessarily wrong. She turns her head and asks,
[zh.@o0]
“怎么，你说这个有什么目的？”
[en.@o0]
“What do you mean by that?”
