[zh.@]
小马谷战役
[en.@]
Battle of Ponyville

[zh.@desc]
太阳已经淹没在群山之中，而小马谷也许再无法见到下一个日出。
星光熠熠的军队已经在村庄外集结，特丽克西则和她的部队一起，驻扎在村庄的入口处，等待着星光的到来。一对昔日的挚友将要在此决一死战，而小马谷也将在硝烟中失去几年来所守护的一切。这注定是一场没有赢家的战斗，但却也不可避免 —— 帝国的大批援军正在赶来，而先遣队已经抵达山头。他们将时机把握得恰到好处，与其说是援军，更像是角斗场的裁判，旁观着，用刺耳的哨声逼迫着角斗士的厮杀。

黑暗的掩护下，星光熠熠的多支侦查部队已经顺着小路靠近了小马谷。星光熠熠亲自率领着一队，直向着特丽克西的住处进发 —— 那个她不会忘记的马车，那个她曾经和特丽克西共眠的马车。
为什么？为什么特丽克西从没回应过她的联系？为什么特丽克西拒绝与她合作？为什么特丽克西不惜与自己开战？星光依然在尝试说服自己，一定是特丽克西在帝国的监视下的被迫，而不是真的背叛了自己、背叛了暮光闪闪、背叛了友谊。
但假若这一切都是自己的一厢情愿，必要时，自己真的能扣动扳机吗？

为了解放、为了正义，也许牺牲是必要的，星光对自己说。
[en.@desc]
The sun has set behind the mountains, and Ponyville may never see another sunrise.
Starlight’s army has gathered outside the village, while Trixie and her forces are stationed at the entrance, waiting for Starlight to arrive. Two former friends are about to face off in a battle that will see Ponyville lose everything it has protected for years. It is a fight with no winners, but it is also inevitable — the Empire’s reinforcements are on their way, and the vanguard has already reached the hilltop. They timed it just right, and instead of being reinforcements, they are more like referees in an arena, watching the gladiators fight, urging them on with the shrill sound of whistles.

Under the cover of darkness, Starlight’s multiple reconnaissance teams have approached Ponyville along the back roads. Starlight herself leads one of the teams, heading straight for Trixie’s residence — the wagon she will never forget, the wagon where she once shared a bed with Trixie.
Why? Why has Trixie never responded to her messages? Why has Trixie refused to work with her? Why has Trixie chosen to fight her? Starlight is still trying to convince herself that Trixie is being forced by the Empire’s surveillance, rather than truly betraying her, betraying Twilight Sparkle, betraying friendship.
But if it is all wishful thinking, can she really pull the trigger when the time comes?

For freedom, for justice, perhaps sacrifice is necessary, Starlight tells herself.

[zh.@o0]
也许牺牲是必要的。
[en.@o0]
Perhaps sacrifice is necessary.
