[zh.@]
半遗忘的回忆IV：神秘的草图
[en.@]
Half-Remembered Dream IV: Mysterious Draft
[zh.@desc]
§b石灰派感到了一丝惊讶，本以为要花费数周的等待才能通过欢乐集团收到芝士三明治的回信，但现在他就这么严肃的站在她的面前。
石灰派微微抬了抬她的眉毛，三明治嘴里叼着的一根长叶麦微微颤动起来：“哦，不必这么惊讶，亲爱的，没骨头告诉我你们遇到了一些情况，于是我就过来了” 说完看了看背上的那只歪脖子的尖叫鸡。
石灰派将芝士三明治带到那个小盒子跟前，像对待她最宝贵的宠物卵石那样将那些草图和乱七八糟的插画拿给芝士三明治看。
三明治的眼神中流露出一丝悲伤。“无论这些东西有没有实际意义，我相信这都是她认为最宝贵的东西。”
芝士三明治花费了数日来不断的研究这些草图，他在欢乐工厂的建立之初画过很多这样的东西，萍琪所画的这些虽然表面上杂乱无章，实际上包含了对许多细节方面的考究，内容大致是她派对道具的升级版。比如改进后的派对大炮，即使将弹药从礼花换成铁质的炮弹，也可以将射程和射速提高到此前难以想象的地步，与此相同的还有热气球等等。萍琪派的初心大概是使用它们来举办一些更加刺激的派对。蓝图上除了绘画着的结构图，还写满了她对未来的希望，尤其是石灰派和泥枝的婚礼派对，萍琪派在提到这件事时的字迹东倒西歪，激动到无可复加。虽然萍琪也会提到芝士三明治，但提及此事时总是戛然而止，似乎有什么心事。
总之，这些东西都能被很好的应用在其他层面，足以让整个采石农场焕然一新。在听完了芝士三明治的介绍后，石灰派感到了一丝希望，此前她在心中就已经构思好了一个比奠基顽石还要巨大的计划，但对未来的失望让她没能下定决心去推行，现在，在萍琪派的鼓励和帮助下，她有了重振旗鼓的动力。§!

...自那次之后已经过去了一年多，如今的采石农场已经从一个只依靠矿石开采勉强糊口的小家庭，变成了一家有着大量订单的军工企业。果然，妹妹留下的小木盒，是她留给家族最后的礼物... 她是什么时候留下的盒子呢？这也许并不重要。如今我们已经失去了那位天才的设计者，但是我们仍然在这里，继续着她的梦想。虽然我们出售的是恐惧与炮火，但这一张张沾着血的钱也养活了我们的家人，无数饥饿的难民小马，以及那些在战火中失去了家园的生物们。
这值得吗？石灰派不知道，她只希望，“欢笑元素”能再次降临于这片土地之上。
[en.@desc]
§bMaud Pie felt a slight surprise. She had expected to wait for weeks before receiving a response from Cheese Sandwich via Amusement Integration, but here he was, standing before her with such seriousness.
Maud raised an eyebrow slightly, when Cheese Sandwich, with a stalk of barley held between his teeth, began to speak: “Oh, don’t be so surprised, dear. Boneless told me you were having some trouble, so I came over.” He said, gesturing towards the squawking rubber chicken on his back.
Maud Pie brought Cheese Sandwich over to the small box and presented him with the sketches and messy drawings, treating them as she would her most precious pet rocks.
Cheese Sandwich’s eyes betrayed a hint of sadness. “Regardless of whether these have any practical significance, I believe they are what she considered most precious.”
Cheese Sandwich began to study the sketches continuously. In the early days of Amusement Factory, he had drawn many similar things. Though Pinkie Pie’s drawings appeared chaotic on the surface, they actually contained meticulous details, mostly upgrades to her party props. For instance, the improved party cannon, which, even with ammunition changed from fireworks to iron shells, could achieve ranges and firing speeds previously unimaginable. Similar upgrades were made to hot air balloons and other items. Pinkie Pie’s original intention maybe was to use them for even more thrilling parties. Alongside the structural drawings were her hopes for the future, especially regarding Maud Pie and Mudbriar’s wedding party. Pinkie Pie’s handwriting became ecstatic at the mention of this, though whenever she brought up Cheese Sandwich, she would abruptly stop, as if holding back something.
In any case, these items could be applied to other areas effectively, enough to rejuvenate the entire Rock Farm. After listening to Cheese Sandwich’s explanation, Maud Pie felt a glimmer of hope. Previously, she had envisioned a plan even larger than Holder’s Boulder in her mind, but disappointment in the future had prevented her from committing to it. Now, with Pinkie Pie’s encouragement and assistance, she found the motivation to revitalize her spirits.§!

... It has been over a year since then, and the Rock Farm has changed from a small family that barely made a living by mining ore, to a military industry with a large number of orders. Indeed, the small wooden box left by her sister was the last gift she left to the family... When did she leave the box? This may not be important. Now that we have lost the genius designer, we are still here, continuing her dream. Although we sell fear and gunfire, the blood-stained bits of money have fed our families, countless hungry refugee ponies, and those creatures who have lost their homes in the flames of war.
Is it worth it? Maud Pie doesn’t know, she just hopes that the “Element of Laughter” can once again come to this land.
[zh.@o0]
也许是时候召开一场家庭会议来推行石头农场的改革计划。
[en.@o0]
Time to convene a family meeting to implement the reform plan for the rock farm.
