[zh.@]
一个患者的遭遇
[en.@]
A Patient’s Encounter
[zh.@desc]
在一个不那么晴朗的日子里，莉莉再次踏进了那个和往常一样的心理咨询中心，却只发现一个新面孔在等着她。
“你好，小姐。我猜你就是莉莉，对吧？”新医生带着温和的笑容对莉莉说。
莉莉环顾四周，在墙上看到了这位新医生的照片，下面写着：“沙登费尔德博士，心理咨询师，月度最佳员工”。
“嗯，对于见到新医生感到紧张是很正常的。但是不用担心，我们在这里来帮助你。”沙登费尔德博士似乎没有打算解释莉莉的前任医生发生了什么事，继续自顾自地说着。但莉莉大概猜到可能是因为前任医生的绩效不佳，也许莉莉自己就有一定责任。
“你可能已经听说了，友谊部正在合作处理这件事，并提出了一种治疗心理障碍的新方法。我们到这里是来帮助你的，莉莉，帮助你成为一个更好的小马。”
然后医生向莉莉展示了一个叫做“欢乐促进器”的装置，这个装置看起来像一个无害的医疗器械。沙登费尔德博士向她保证，它会增强她的微笑，带给她永恒的幸福。
莉莉带着好奇和些微困惑的心情同意了医生的提议。当“欢乐促进器”开始运转时，莉莉感觉自己的脸扭曲成了一个夸张的笑容，眼睛里透露出一丝不适。泪水涌上来，威胁着要溢出来，但她勇敢地把它们压了回去。
沙登费尔德博士拍了拍莉莉的蹄子，流露出一种假惺惺的同情。“好了，好了，亲爱的莉莉。记住，微笑会给生活的方方面面带来快乐。很快，它会变成你的第二天性。”
“痛苦只是暂时的，亲爱的。很快，你就能永远微笑了。请记得每周都来。哦对了，把你的家庭住址填在...这里。下一个！”
[en.@desc]
One somehow gloomy day, Lily once again stepped into the old mental counseling center, only to find a fresh face waiting for her.
“Good day, my lady. I’m assuming you are Lily, right?” The new doctor, with a gentle smile, addressed Lily.
Lily looked around and saw the doctor’s picture on the wall, with the caption: “Dr.Schadenpferd, Psychologist, Employee of the Month”.
“Well, it is totally reasonable to feel nervous meeting new doctors. But don’t worry, we are here to help you.” Dr.Schadenpferd seemed to have no intention of explaning what happened to Lily’s previous doctor and continued. But Lily could guess now that it was probably because of the previous doctor’s poor KPI, and maybe Lily herself is partly to blame.
“As you may have heard, the Ministry of Friendship is collaborating on this matter and proposing a new treatment for the mentally troubled. We are here to help you, Lily, to become a better pony.”
The doctor then presented Lily with a contraption called the Joyful Facilitator, a device resembling a harmless medical apparatus. Dr.Schadenpferd assured her that it would enhance her smile and bring her everlasting happiness.
With a mix of curiosity and confusion, Lily consented to the doctors’ proposal. As the Joyful Facilitator hummed to life, Lily felt her face contort into an exaggerated grin, her eyes reflecting a hint of discomfort. Tears welled up, threatening to spill over, but she valiantly held them back.
Dr. Schadenpferd patted Lily’s hoof, exuding a sense of faux empathy. “There, there, dear Lily. Remember, smiling brings joy to all aspects of life. Soon, it will become second nature to you.”
“Pain is just temporary, my dear. Soon, you will be able to smile forever. Please do remember to come every week. Oh... and leave your address, emm... here. Next!”
[zh.@o0]
笑一个，亲爱的
[en.@o0]
Smile, my dear