[zh.@]
家族团聚
[en.@]
Family reunion
[zh.@desc]
在石灰派的邀请下，另一个世界的萍琪派第一次踏上了采石农场的土地。
“我的天哪，看这些漂亮的石头，还有... 鹅卵石！在另一个世界，你有一个和你长得一模一样的！...或者是她长得和你一模一样？好有趣！”
石灰派微笑着听着萍琪派的热情，默默地希望这一刻能永远持续下去。
与此同时，石青派当时正在严厉地训斥着卫兵们。然而，当她转过头看到石灰派和萍琪派已经提前到达时，她立刻变得慌乱起来，对着卫兵们大喊：“所有马儿，立，立正！”卫兵们迅速排成两排，匆忙地向三只小马行礼。

有的卫兵慌张到差点把仪式用的长矛扔到空中，他们滑稽的表演逗得萍琪派哈哈大笑。当她走近一个看起来紧张的卫兵时，她用蹄子调皮地挠了挠他的腋窝，导致他笑得倒在地上。
石灰派也忍不住，她也拥抱了萍琪派，假装生气地说：“萍卡美娜·戴安·派，你怎么敢离开我们这么久！”
此时，他们不是采石农场的重要领导，也不是政府部门的核心，而只是这只粉色小马的两个姐姐。

一阵哭声引起了所有人的注意，那是派家族最小的妹妹石灰派，以及他们的父母，火岩和云母，他们互相支持着。
当石灰派看到萍琪派时，她再也控制不住自己的眼泪。鼻涕和眼泪弄脏了她的灰色鬃毛，云母走过来，捏了捏萍琪派的脸颊，几乎不敢相信自己的眼睛。

“这真的是我的小萍卡美娜吗？” 她颤抖着问道。
“妈妈！” 萍琪派跳到这个世界的母亲身边，紧紧地拥抱着她。
[en.@desc]
At Maud Pie’s invitation, Pinkie Pie from the other world set foot on the land of the rock farm for the first time.
“Oh my goodness, look at these beautiful rocks, and... pebbles! In another world, you have one that looks just like you! ... or maybe it’s her who looks like you? How interesting!”
Maud Pie smiled as she listened to Pinkie Pie’s enthusiasm, silently wishing this moment could last forever.

Meanwhile, Limestone Pie was scolding the guards fiercely. However, when she turned her head and saw that Maud Pie and Pinkie Pie had arrived early, she immediately became flustered and shouted to the guards, “All ponies, a-a-attention!” The guards quickly lined up in two rows, hastily saluting the three ponies. 

Some guards almost threw their ceremonial spears into the air, and their comical performance amused Pinkie Pie to no end. As she approached a guard who looked nervous, she playfully tickled his armpit with her hoof, causing him to collapse to the ground in laughter.
Unable to resist any longer, Limestone Pie also embraced Pinkie Pie, pretending to be angry as she said, “Pinkamena Diane Pie, how dare you leave us for so long!”
At that moment, they were not the important leaders of the rock farm or the core of the government department but just the two older sisters of this pink little pony.

A burst of sobbing caught everyone’s attention, and it was the youngest sister of the Pie family, Marble Pie, along with their parents, Igneous Rock and Cloudy Quartz, who were supporting each other. When Marble Pie saw Pinkie Pie, she couldn’t control her tears anymore. Snot and tears messed up her gray mane as Cloudy Quartz approached, pinching Pinkie Pie’s cheeks, hardly believing her eyes.

“Is it really my little Pinkamena?” she asked tremblingly.
“Mom!” Pinkie Pie bounced over to her mother in this world and embraced her tightly.
[zh.@o0]
“萍琪派，欢迎回家！”
[en.@o0]
“Welcome home, Pinkie Pie!”