[zh.@]
另一个萍琪派
[en.@]
Another Pinkie Pie
[zh.@desc]
虽然石灰派已经事先反复告诉自己，从传送门另一边过来的那个小马从严格意义而言并不是她真的妹妹，但当石灰派看到会议室里那个粉色的身影后，一缕眼泪还是控制不住的从石灰派的眼角缓缓落下。
这种奇怪而又令她心碎的感觉让石灰派感到了一丝困惑。从小到大，石灰派经历过无数的困难和风雨，但她总能坚定又果断的解决，也早已忘却了如何流泪，哪怕在她得知恐怕这辈子都再也见不到她最疼爱的妹妹时也是如此。
可此刻她的妹妹，或者说，有着她妹妹模样的小马就活生生的在她面前... 石灰派迅速地用蹄子擦了擦眼角，防止被周围的小马看到。作为采石农场一以贯之的核心角色，石灰派被所有心怀谐律的小马认为拥有钢铁般的意志，并时时刻刻受到她的鼓舞。

当与余晖烁烁以及其他反抗军领袖的磋商结束后，石灰派缓步走到了那个正在放声大笑的身影面前。石灰派本想用轻柔的语气跟她打了声招呼，但刚一开口，却发现自己说不出话来。
来自镜中世界的萍琪一转身，看见石灰派正对着自己欲言又止，疑惑的歪了下脑袋：
“唔？”

石灰派紧紧抱住了她的妹妹，在周围小马的惊呼声中泪流满面。

[en.@desc]
Although Maud Pie had repeatedly told herself beforehand that the pony coming through the portal wasn’t her real sister, when she saw the pink figure in the meeting room, uncontrollable tears welled up in the corner of her eyes.
This strange and heartbreaking feeling left Maud Pie feeling puzzled. Throughout her life, Maud Pie had experienced countless hardships and storms, but she had always been able to resolve them firmly and decisively. She had long forgotten how to cry, even when she realized she might never see her most beloved sister again.
But now, her sister — or rather, a pony resembling her sister — was alive and well before her... Maud Pie quickly wiped her eyes with her hoof to prevent the surrounding ponies from seeing. As a core figure at the rock farm, Maud Pie was considered by all harmony-loving ponies to have a will as strong as steel, and she was constantly inspired by her.

After the negotiations with Sunset Shimmer and other leaders of the resistance were over, Maud Pie walked slowly towards the figure who was laughing loudly. She had intended to greet her with a gentle tone, but as she opened her mouth, she found herself unable to speak. When the Pinkie Pie from the mirrored world turned around and saw Maud Pie hesitating in front of her, she tilted her head in confusion:
“Hmm?”

In the midst of the surrounding ponies’ exclamations, Maud Pie hugged her sister tightly, tears streaming down her face.

[zh.@o0]
“我想你了，妹妹。”
[en.@o0]
“I missed you, sister.”
