[zh.@]
档案：繁花
[en.@]
Archive: Blossom Burst
[zh.@desc]
繁花，§2前任麒麟社群货运局长§!，曾经也与秋烨和雨晴一同生活在险崇峰，但祖籍却在狭关。在“静默”解除后，似乎是政见不和，她在与雨晴的一次争吵后§2辞去了货运局长职位§!，离开了险崇峰，§2回到狭关§!担任狭关货运局长。
如今我们意识到，从那时起，繁花就已经在狭关从事稚马之息的走私活动了。甚至再向前追溯，也令专案组细思极恐：生活中的繁花是一只冷静而理性的麒麟，但当初导致“静默”的那场险崇峰逆麟灾的爆发，恰恰是繁花的一次冲动行为引起的。走私、辞职、政见不合，甚至当初的逆麟灾，是否都是繁花计划的一部分？
但令专案组和秋烨感到疑惑的是，繁花并不是那种贪婪渴望财富的麒麟。难道繁花走私的§2动机§!仅仅是因为政见不和报复雨晴？即使是与繁花一同生活许久的秋烨也想不明白这一点。
无论如何，繁花持续数年的走私行为即使被民众举报也未被处理，这意味着首都险崇峰每一位和繁花有交集的官员都可能涉案，成为繁花的保护伞...
[en.@desc]
Blossom Burst, the §2former director of the Kirin Commune Freight Bureau§!, once lived in the Peaks of Peril with Autumn Blaze and Rain Shine, but her ancestors are recorded to be from Narrow Gate. After the “Silence” was lifted, due to what was seemingly a political disagreement, she §2resigned from the position of director of the Freight Bureau§! after an argument with Rain Shine, left Peaks of Peril, and §2returned to Narrow Gate§! as the sole director of the Narrow Gate’s local Freight Bureau.
Now we realize that since then, Blossom Burst has been engaged in the smuggling of foal’s breath in Narrow Gate. Even further back, it makes the task force shudder to think: the Blossom Burst in life is a calm and rational Kirin, but the outbreak of the Nirik disaster in the Peaks of Peril, which led to the “Silence”, was caused by an impulsive act of Blossom Burst. Smuggling, resignation, political disagreements, and even that Nirik disaster, are they all part of Blossom Burst’s plan?
What puzzles the task force and Autumn Blaze is that Blossom Burst is not the kind of Kirin who is greedy for wealth. Could Blossom Burst’s §2motive§! for smuggling be simply to retaliate against Rain Shine due to political disagreements? Even Autumn Blaze, who has lived with Blossom Burst for a long time, cannot understand this.
In any case, Blossom Burst’s years of smuggling activities, even if reported by the public, have not been dealt with, which means that every official in the capital Peaks of Peril who has had a past with Blossom Burst may be involved and become Blossom Burst’s protector...

[zh.@o0]
事情变得复杂了起来
[en.@o0]
Things are getting complicated
