[zh.@]
水晶帝国是一个多灾多难的国度，几乎从未享受过片刻的安宁。水晶之心，是阻隔着这个庞大臃肿的所谓“帝国”与万劫不复的彻底毁灭的唯一防线。
最早定居在水晶帝国的生物是牦牛还是水晶小马如今已经没有小马知道了，最早的历史记载只能追溯到爱茉公主，当那个恐怖的暗影之王摧毁了爱茉公主的统治时，他想必也毁掉了水晶帝国更古老的历史。总之，在黑晶王森布拉的统治下，水晶帝国用它的子民当做燃料，驱动了那吞噬天地的黑雾，直到招惹到了南边不该招惹的两位公主，一段黑暗恐怖的历史才得以终结。黑晶王陨落前的诅咒，将整个水晶帝国与他一起冻结在了千年前的那个时刻。直到暮光闪闪与她的朋友们掐准了千年后诅咒解开的时间，重新激活了被森布拉关闭的水晶之心，音韵公主与银甲接管水晶帝国，水晶帝国才得以重新焕发生机，暂时地。不久后的战争中，南方曾维持千年的小马利亚盛世被打破，来自西方大陆的异族入侵者席卷了整个大陆，水晶帝国也未能幸免。漫长的争斗中，绝望的水晶小马们终于意识到那颗水晶之心也许可以为他们阻挡风雪与迷雾，却无法抵御火炮与绿色的闪电法术。
如果说在战争中失败会给水晶小马们带来多大的震撼倒也并不至于，毕竟他们已经见识过更糟糕的事情了。如今唯一需要担忧的是，这一横跨整个北方冻原的庞大而又孱弱帝国，该如何存活下去？南方的小马利亚帝国将年幼的小公主扶上了权位，却用内阁与理事会控制着水晶城堡的一切；西方的入侵者们用恶心的尖牙在水晶做的街道上耀武扬威，将一车一车的爱意运往他们的领地；支持小公主的民众与那些渴求自由与谐律者们在街头激烈对峙；北方监狱中的囚犯们蠢蠢欲动，等待着一个推翻现有秩序的机会；一些看到如今混乱局面的疯子则渴望驱虎吞狼，诉诸对旧日的暴君信仰... 小公主在一日日长大，那些忠诚的老臣却在一日日老去，年轻的风雪之心已经尽力将这个国家团结在一起，但这一切是否来得及？

[en.@]
The Crystal Empire is a land of hardship and strife, having rarely known a moment of peace. The Crystal Heart is the only barrier between this vast and unwieldy so-called “empire” and utter destruction.
The earliest settlers of the Crystal Empire were either yaks or crystal ponies; no pony today knows which. The earliest historical records only date back to Princess Amore, and when the terrible Shadow King destroyed her reign, he likely also obliterated the older history of the Crystal Empire. Under the rule of King Sombra, the Crystal Empire used its citizens as fuel to power the all-consuming black mist, until it provoked two princesses from the south who should not have been provoked. A dark and terrifying history came to an end. The curse cast by the fallen King Sombra froze the entire Crystal Empire in time along with him, back to that moment a thousand years ago. It was not until Twilight Sparkle and her friends pinpointed the time when the curse would lift a millennium later, reactivating the Crystal Heart that Sombra had shut down, that Princess Cadance and Shining Armor took over the Crystal Empire, allowing it to flourish once more, albeit temporarily. Not long after, the thousand-year long Pax-Equestria was shattered by invaders from the western continent sweeping across the land, and the Crystal Empire was not spared. In the long struggle, desperate crystal ponies finally realized that while the Crystal Heart could protect them from blizzards and mist, it could not withstand cannons and green lightning magic.
Losing the war was not as much of a shock to the crystal ponies as one might think, as they had seen worse. The only concern now is how this vast yet fragile empire spanning the northern tundra can survive. The southern Equestria Empire has placed the young princess on the throne, but controls everything in the Crystal Castle through a cabinet and council; invaders from the west swagger through the crystal-paved streets with their disgusting fangs, carting away loads of love to their territory; citizens supporting the young princess and those yearning for freedom and harmony clash fiercely in the streets; prisoners in northern prisons are restless, waiting for an opportunity to overthrow the existing order; some crazed individuals seeing the current chaos as an opportunity to turn the titans against each other, resorting to their own faith in the old day tyrant... The young princess grows older day by day, while her loyal old ministers age day by day. The young Flurry Heart has done her best to unite this country, but is it too late?
