[zh.@]
通灵术
[en.@]
Necromancy

[zh.@desc]
在洛马基，诈骗已经成为了正常的盈利方式，许多莫名其妙的店铺和服务都在利用这一点。有一天，一只小马走进了一家洛马基的通灵术店，店主告诉他，只要支付一定的费用，就可以与他的祖先对话。
虽然这只小马十分确定这是一场骗局，但还是准备试试看，因为他记得他的爷爷曾经为他留下了一笔巨额遗产，只是不知道在哪里。他问已经通灵的店主：“爷爷，你有没有留下什么东西给我？”
店主没有以爷爷的口吻回复。只是告诉这只小马这种问题还要加钱。这只小马有点不悦，但还是加钱继续询问。店主再次附身，但是依然没有回答问题。无论这只小马怎么提问，店主都没有回答，他开始怀疑店主只是在骗钱，于是他怒斥店主是一个骗子，然后决定离开。
但是店主拉住了他，表示非常抱歉，是他的爷爷确实没有说，而不是自己拒绝传达，并为了证明自己真诚的歉意，他退还了这只小马所有的钱。
小马感到自己错怪了店主，于是第二天就又回到了店里准备再次尝试，却发现通灵术店已经关门了。
四处打听后，小马得知，昨天下班后，店主就扛着一把铁锹出门了，到现在还没回来。
[en.@desc]
In Las Pegasus, fraud has become a normal way of making profits, and many inexplicable shops and services are taking advantage of this. One day, a pony walked into a necromancy shop in Las Pegasus, and the shopkeeper told him that he could talk to his ancestors as long as he paid a certain fee.
Although the pony was very sure that this was a scam, he was still ready to try it out because he remembered that his grandfather had left him a huge inheritance, but he didn’t know where it was. He asked the shopkeeper who had already communicated with the dead, "Grandpa, did you leave anything for me?"
The shopkeeper did not reply in the voice of the grandfather. He just told the pony that he had to pay more for such questions. The pony was a little unhappy, but he added money to continue asking. The shopkeeper possessed again, but still did not answer the question. No matter how the pony asked, the shopkeeper did not answer. He began to suspect that the shopkeeper was just trying to get money, so he accused the shopkeeper of being a fraud and decided to leave.
But the shopkeeper stopped him, apologized, and explained that it was indeed his grandfather who did not speak, not himself refusing to deliver the answer. To prove his sincere apology, he returned all the money to the pony.
The pony felt that he had wronged the shopkeeper, so he returned to the shop the next day to try again, only to find that the necromancy shop had closed.
After inquiring around, the pony learned that after closing yesterday, the shopkeeper went out with a shovel and has not returned yet.
