[zh.@]
科学枢纽
[en.@]
Science Nexus
[zh.@desc]
来自水晶山脉勘探队的消息传到平等镇后，整个科学研究部炸锅了：这到底是什么地方？为什么会有一整座山和屏障保护它？是白胡子星璇所做？亦或是另有其马？为保护这一秘密，国家安全部已经召回了整支勘探队的小马，并将他们暂时置于观察之下。特工已经封锁该区域，待调查完成后才能恢复水晶矿洞的生产作业。

日光耀耀急切地前往一趟水晶山脉，去调查这一奇观背后的秘密。根据勘探队中叫和风的小马提供的线索，日光耀耀的队伍找到了那个山谷。挪动其中的一块水晶，整座大山连同屏障缓慢消失，其中现出了那栋建筑，那就是大山所掩盖的秘密。

这建筑的主体部分是一座尖塔，类似水晶帝国的水晶城堡。外围有一个环形建筑，已经受损严重，其碎片散落在周围的空地上。这里没有水晶，但独角兽们却能正常使用魔法。

穿过大环的破洞，走入尖塔内，小马们便开始分头探索城堡，期待找到什么资料或藏书。这里实在是科学与魔法的宝库：其中的科研资料堪比坎特洛特图书馆，甚至有一些未曾记载在坎特洛特图书馆的知识。

自失落知识的海洋中，日光耀耀穿过通往尖塔中心区域的门，进入了整座尖塔的核心。那里几乎空无一物，只有一根水晶柱立在最中间。像是水晶之心一般，水晶柱中间漂浮着一颗暗淡的水晶球。突然之间，日光耀耀仿佛收到了某种指引，他走向水晶球，把角对准了它，为其施加魔法。

暗淡的水晶球忽然散发出了紫色的光，一道光弧自水晶球向外发散，四周的墙壁变得透明。通过透明的墙壁，日光见到外面正发生着奇迹：破碎的圆环抬升到空中，它的碎片正回到自己该在的位置，修补着这大环。当最后一块碎片归位，圆环的边缘闪起了白光，整个圆环围绕着尖塔开始转动。原来几乎空无一物的尖塔核心出现了一个圆桌，像是暮光城堡里的可爱地图一般。房间四周变出了许多个书架，都记载着日光未曾听闻的知识：

失落科学

地图显现出文字，告诉了日光这里的秘密：这一颗水晶球——即“知识之心”，是整块地区魔法的根源。它能够控制屏障的开关，让里面的小马能单向看到外面，而从外面看来，这里只有一座大山，保护着这里——科学枢纽。这就是这里能够数千年不为小马发现的原因。科学枢纽、知识之心，以及神秘学知识... 日光耀耀有很多东西要去梳理，但现在，他想的是——
[en.@desc]
After the news from the Crystal Mountain exploration team reached Our Town, the entire Research Department was in total excitement: What is this place? Why is there a whole mountain and a barrier protecting it? Is it the work of Star Swirl the Bearded? Or is there another pony behind it? To protect this secret, the National Security Department has recalled the entire exploration team and placed them under observation. The agents have sealed off the area, and the production operation of the Crystal Cave can only be resumed after the investigation is completed.

Sunburst fervently went on a trip to the Crystal Mountain to investigate the secret behind this wonder. According to the clues provided by a pony named Wandering Wind in the exploration team, Sunburst’s team found the valley. By moving a piece of crystal, the entire mountain along with the barrier slowly disappeared, revealing the building, the secret hidden by the mountain.

The main part of the building is a spire, similar to the Crystal Castle of the Crystal Empire. There is a ring-shaped building around it, which has been severely damaged, and its fragments are scattered on the surrounding ground. There are no crystals here, but unicorns can use magic normally.

Through the hole in the large ring, the ponies entered the spire and began to explore the castle separately, hoping to find some information or books. This is truly a treasure trove of science and magic: rearch documents here are comparable to the Canterlot Library, and there is even some knowledge that has never been recorded in the Canterlot Library.

Lost in the ocean of knowledge, Sunburst passed through the door leading to the central area of the spire and entered the core of the entire spire. There was almost nothing there, only a crystal column standing in the center. Like the Crystal Heart, a dim crystal orb floated in the middle of the crystal column. Suddenly, as if receiving some kind of guidance, Sunburst walked towards the crystal orb, aimed his horn at it, and started casting magic on it.

The dim crystal orb suddenly emitted a purple light, and a beam of light spread out from the crystal orb, making the surrounding walls transparent. Through the transparent walls, Sunburst saw a miracle happening outside: the broken ring was lifted into the air, and its fragments were returning to their original positions, repairing the large ring. When the last piece was in place, the edge of the ring flashed white light, and the entire ring began to rotate around the spire. A circular table appeared in the core of the spire, like the cutie map in Twilight’s Castle. Many bookshelves appeared around the room, all recording knowledge that Sunburst had never heard of:

Lost Science

The map revealed words, telling Sunburst the secret of this place: this crystal orb — the “Heart of Knowledge”, is the source of magic in the entire area. It can control the switch of the barrier, allowing the ponies inside to see the outside in one direction, while from the outside, there is only a mountain protecting this place — the Science Nexus. This is the reason why this place has not been discovered by ponies for thousands of years. The Science Nexus, the Heart of Knowledge, and the knowledge of mysticism... Sunburst has a lot to sort out, but now, what he is thinking about is —
[zh.@o0]
真是个完美的科研基地...
[en.@o0]
What a perfect base...
