[zh.@]
帝国到访
[en.@]
The Empire’s Visit
[zh.@desc]
双方在会议厅就坐，清晨桂冠整理了一下仪表后说道:“这次临时的访问有些突然，女皇陛下一方面派我们前来视察采石农场的建设工作，她非常关心这里的小马是否已经过上安稳幸福的生活，经过刚才你们初步的接待，我很高兴确实如此”听到这番话，石灰派优雅的点了点脑袋，而石青派哼了一声，把脸扭了过去，玉琪派坐立不安，因为她已经猜到这俩名使者接下来要说什么了：
“不过另一方面，坎特洛特听说你们的父母身体抱恙，要求我们过来为你们提供竭尽所能的帮助”话音未落，石青派大惊失色，转过身瞪着清晨桂冠和双重美味的演讲“什么？你们是怎么知道这件事的”石灰派脸色阴沉下来，看到一旁低着头，沉默不语的玉琪派，叹了口气，她已经猜出大概是发生什么事了，不过，她并不想再责备她
“不用疑惑，石青姐姐，是我通知她们的”玉琪派猛的抬起头，吃惊地看向面无表情的石灰派，她原本以为说出这句话的小马会是她自己
“你...”石青派刚想说什么，但是她看到一旁的俩个外马，意识到现在可不是争吵的好时候，更何况，帝国知道父母的事情也已经成为了定局，随后咬着牙关保持了沉默。
清晨桂冠抬起她的一只蹄子，说道“我们拥有整片小马利亚你能找到的最好的医疗设备和最出色的医生...女皇陛下表示愿意无偿提供医疗服务，因为她深受触动，对你们姐妹的孝心感到非常的赞赏，认为整个小马国的小马都应该像你们姐妹学习，这是多么伟大的谐律理念啊。”
“这些是女皇为火岩派和云母准备的医疗物资，用来彰显陛下的诚意，如我所说，这是赠予的”她拍了拍蹄子，一队帝国小马扛着几个小型的医疗设备和带着红十字标识的医疗箱出现在派家姐妹面前。
“可是，如果想要治好你们的父母，他们仍然需要更进一步的治疗，一些医疗设备过于庞大， 同时涉及的医生小马过多，所以...”


[en.@desc]
The two sides took their seats in the conference hall. After adjusting her attire, Dawn Crown spoke:

"This impromptu visit is somewhat sudden. Her Majesty the Empress has sent us to inspect the construction of the Rock Farm. She is deeply concerned about whether the ponies here are leading stable and happy lives. After your preliminary reception, I am pleased to see that this is indeed the case."

Upon hearing this, Maud Pie nodded gracefully. Limestone Pie snorted and turned her face away. Marble Pie fidgeted uneasily, as she had already guessed what the two envoys were about to say:

"However, on the other hand, we have heard that your parents are unwell, and we have been sent to offer all the assistance we can."

Before she could finish, Limestone Pie turned pale, spun around, and glared at Dawn Crown and Double Delight.

"What? How did you know about this?"

Maud Pie’s expression darkened. Seeing Marble Pie with her head lowered in silence, she sighed. She had already guessed what had happened, but she didn’t want to reprimand her.

"No need to wonder, Sister Limestone," Marble Pie suddenly raised her head and said. Limestone Pie looked at her in surprise. She had thought the one to speak up would be Maud Pie.

"You..."

Limestone Pie was about to say something when she noticed the two foreign ponies beside them. She realized this was not the time for an argument. Moreover, the Empire knowing about their parents had already become a fait accompli. She gritted her teeth and fell silent.

Dawn Crown raised a hoof and continued:

"We have the best medical equipment and the most outstanding doctors in all of Equestria. Her Majesty the Empress is deeply moved by your sisters’ filial piety and wishes to provide free medical services. She believes all ponies in Equestria should learn from your example. What a great harmony this is."

"These are medical supplies prepared for Fire Rock Pie and Mica, to demonstrate Her Majesty’s sincerity. As I mentioned, these are gifts."

She clapped her hooves, and a team of Imperial ponies appeared before the Pie sisters, carrying several small medical devices and first aid kits marked with the Red Cross.

"However, to cure your parents, they will still require further treatment. Some medical equipment is too large, and the number of doctors involved is too many, so..."
[zh.@o0]
“需要你们答应把你们的父母接过去”
[en.@o0]
"You will need to agree to have your parents taken to the Empire."
