[zh.@]
当北方的公主们还在向她们的白胡子老师学习的时候，南小马利亚王朝就已经在沙漠中建立起了辉煌的文明。两任法老励精图治，在黄沙之中竖起了高城。南小马利亚王朝不仅启迪了后续如繁星般灿烂的安及文明，也将传奇的故事赠予了王朝边陲的村庄 —— 那时这个小村还不配拥有名字。
相传第三任法老还是王子的时候，沙漠中沉寂的野兽毫无征兆地苏醒，那拥有石像般坚硬皮肤、金字塔一般高大的身躯、以及命令天空中一切飞行者坠落能力的斯芬克斯，击溃了南小马利亚王朝的军队。海桑王子身先士卒，在村庄处与斯芬克斯交战却不幸被俘。就在这时，村中一名年轻而勇敢的雌驹，毅然决然地冲向了困着王子的神庙，通过了斯芬克斯设下的谜题与挑战，最终驱逐了那只邪恶的巨兽，救出了海桑王子。
斯芬克斯虽然不知所踪，但它带来的破坏却未曾结束。依依不舍地，海桑王子率领军队离开了小村去帮助那些需要重建的地区，并在临行前将一宝贵的项链赠予了那名勇敢的雌驹，不仅为表彰其勇气以及面对强敌时仍抱有的“希望”，更是在约定与其未来的相见。
只可惜，命运无常。这只名叫沙南布拉的年轻小马拯救了海桑王子；海桑王子让南小马利亚变得前所未有的繁荣开放；更加繁荣的南小马利亚开始与北方的邻居建立联系；善良而富有同情心的沙南布拉因此成为了两国的使节离开了家乡前往了北方。
等到伟大的海桑法老回到昔日的村庄时，他哪里也找不到沙南布拉，派出军队四处寻找，最终只得到了一个令人心碎的消息：沙南布拉在北方与暗影的战斗中失去了音信。
自那之后，在海桑法老的无奈叹息中，雕像在小村竖起，村庄也第一次拥有了自己的名字 —— 沙南布拉。
只不过，比一位法老纪念逝去的故友更值得叹息的是，等到千年后那英勇的雌驹荣归故里看到那尊雕像时，她那年轻的王子与那繁荣的王朝，早已一起沉睡在了沙丘之下。
[en.@]
When the princesses of the North were still learning from their white-bearded teacher, the Southern Equestrian Dynasty was already establishing a glorious civilization in the desert. Two great pharaohs worked tirelessly, raising a magnificent city from the golden sands. The dynasty not only inspired the subsequent, brilliant Anugypt civilization, but also bequeathed its legends to the villages on its frontiers — a time when one small village had yet to earn a name.
According to legend, when the third pharaoh was still a prince, a long-dormant beast of the desert awakened without warning. The Sphinx, with its stone-like hide, towering pyramid-like body, and the power to command all flying creatures from the sky, defeated the army of the Southern Equestrian Dynasty. Prince Hisan, at the forefront of his troops, met the Sphinx in battle near the village, but was tragically captured. It was at that very moment that a young and brave mare from the village rushed to the temple where the prince was held captive. She passed the riddles and challenges set by the Sphinx, ultimately driving the monstrous beast away and rescuing Prince Hisan.
Though the Sphinx had vanished, the destruction it caused had not ended. Reluctantly, Prince Hisan led his army away from the village to help those in need of rebuilding. As he was about to leave, in order to commend her courage and the “hope” she embodied in the face of such a formidable enemy, he gave the brave mare a precious necklace, a promise of a future reunion.
But fate, unfortunately, is a fickle thing. The young pony named Somnambula saved Prince Hisan, who in turn made Southern Equestria more prosperous and open than ever. This new prosperity led the dynasty to establish ties with its northern neighbor, and then the kind and compassionate Somnambula became an envoy between the two nations, leaving her home for the North.
When the Great Pharaoh Hisan returned to the village years later, he could not find Somnambula. He sent his army to search far and wide, only to receive the heartbreaking news: Somnambula had been lost in the North during a battle with the shadows.
From that day on, with Pharaoh Hisan’s mournful sigh, a statue was erected in the small village, which was at last given its own name: Somnambula.
What’s even more lamentable than a pharaoh commemorating a fallen friend, however, is that when the heroic mare returned home a millennium later and saw her statue, her young prince and the once prosperous dynasty had long since been buried beneath the dunes.
