[zh.@]
流亡之路
[en.@]
The Road of Exile
[zh.@desc]
和风在山谷里狂奔，他身后是两只正在追他的帝国边境巡逻队小马。

他原本住在小马谷，以种苹果树为生。直到不久前该死的帝国说要“供应帝国物资需求”，派了几只小马把他的树砍得一干二净，甚至连房子也拆了运回坎特洛特。和风想反抗，可是特丽克西雇佣的防暴警察又把他打了一顿，扔在路边。他才下决心，在一个晚上和几只同乡的小马逃出了小马谷，向他听说在组织抵抗的平等镇赶去。

没走几天，他们撞上几只没安好心的独角兽，仗着自己剩那么一丁点魔法赶鸭子似的赶他们。和风只好和同乡跑进山里，又有几只天马拿雷云往地上放闪电。和风的同乡死的死，伤的伤，好不容易摆脱了雷雨，到了边境，和风和剩下两只陆马同乡咒骂着天杀的天马和独角兽，好巧不巧又迎面撞上了边巡队。两个同乡被抓，只剩和风一只马逃亡。

身后两只巡逻队的小马挥舞着棍棒，嘴里叫着什么追着和风，和风也听不清，反正不是啥好话。眼看他们快追上和风，他已经做好拼死一搏的准备，突然一支箭从天上射下来，向那两只边巡队小马飞去，一股白光修正了箭的轨迹，不偏不倚命中了其中一只小马的头，吓得另一只小马丢下同伴撒腿就跑。

和风死里逃生，松了口气，他抬头一看，一只天马和一只独角兽在他面前。他想起自己被害死的陆马同乡，不由得怒吼：“该死的天马和独角兽，你们又想害我？”

“哇哦，刚刚可是我们救了你，就这么对我们呀？”其中的那只独角兽说。等她说完，另一只天马开口：“看到天上那支箭了吗？就是我在天上射下去的！”
“得了吧，要不是我用魔法修正弹道，你那准度都不知道会打到哪。好了，无论如何，我叫青雾，他叫流火，我们是抵抗军的小马，你应该是帝国来的难民吧？我们不会伤害你的。”

似乎他们真的没有敌意？和风放下了戒备：“好吧，我叫和风，前面是抵抗军的地方吗？平等镇怎么走？”

“向北边一直走就是了，流火昨天检查过，路上没有危险。我们就住平等镇附近，有需要就来找我们吧。”
[en.@desc]
Wandering Wind was running in the valley, with two border patrol ponies chasing him.

He used to live in Ponyville and made a living by planting apple trees. Until not long ago the damn Empire sent some ponies to cut down all his trees in order to “meet the Empire’s supply needs”. They even demolished his house and took it back to Canterlot. Wandering Wind wanted to resist, but the riot police hired by Trixie beat him up and threw him on the side of the road. It was then that he made up his mind to escape from Ponyville with a few fellow ponies one night and head to Our Town, where he heard that the resistance was brewing.

Soon after their departure, they ran into a few unicorn thugs who had ill intentions and a little magic left. The thugs chased them like ducks. Wandering Wind and his fellow ponies had to run into the mountains, where a few pegasi thugs threw lightning bolts at them. Some of Wandering Wind’s fellow ponies died, some were injured, and they finally managed to escape the thunderstorm. When they reached the border, Wandering Wind and two other earth pony fellows were all that was left. They cursed the pegasi and unicorns, but bad luck struck again as they ran into the border patrol. The other two earth ponies were caught, and only Wandering Wind managed to escape, by now. They are still chasing him.

Now, two patrol ponies are waving their batons and shouting something at Wandering Wind. He can’t hear them clearly, but he knows those must be bad words. Just as they are about to catch up with him, he is ready to fight to the death. Suddenly, an arrow shoots down from the sky and flies towards the two patrol ponies. A white light corrects the arrow’s trajectory, and it hits one of the patrol ponies right in the head. The other patrol pony is terrified by the sudden attack and runs away.

Wandering Wind escapes death and breathes a sigh of relief, just to see a pegasus and a unicorn in front of him. He remembers his earth pony fellows who were killed, and can’t help but roar in anger, “Damn pegasi and unicorns, you really want to do this again?”

“Wow there, we just saved you, and that’s your reaction?” the unicorn says. The pegasus then speaks up, “Did you see that arrow in the sky? I fired it!”
“Oh come on, if I didn’t correct the trajectory with my magic, you wouldn’t even know where it would hit. Anyway, I’m Magenta Mist, and he’s Fervent Flame. We are ponies of the resistance. You must be a refugee from the Empire, right? We won’t hurt you.”

It seems they really have no ill intentions? Wandering Wind puts down his guard, “Alright, I’m Wandering Wind. Is the resistance up ahead? How do I get to Our Town?”

“Just keep going north, Fervent Flame checked the road yesterday. It’s safe. We live just near Our Town. Come find us if you need anything.”
[zh.@o0]
和风一路向北，终于逃离了帝国
[en.@o0]
Heading north, Wandering Wind finally escaped the Empire
