[zh.@]
§g“当最后一颗沙粒落下，巨兽将从海上袭来，暴雨将持续四十日夜，浪涛将冲刷一切，摩纳驹王国将不复存在。”§!

在一片满是狮鹫的大陆南端，存在着一个与狮鹫王国一样古老的袖珍小国，海浪边的摩纳驹王国。
相传数百年前，格罗弗一世、鹦鹉螺王与沃拉克大王结成友好同盟，令狮鹫、独角兽与半人马分别掌管狮鹫尼加的天空、海洋与陆地。时过境迁，唯有摩纳驹王国还依然保持着昔日童话般的模样，遵守着守护海洋的诺言。鹦鹉螺王，风暴的编织者，洋流的指挥家。他本可掀起海啸淹没大陆，或召唤风暴遮天蔽日，却选择用魔法为渔船引路、为幼驹蔽雨，安居一隅，静静守护着南部海滨地区的风调雨顺，与来往商船的平平安安。
随着鹦鹉螺王衰老病逝，他的女儿钻石浪涛继承了王位，建立了摩纳驹魔法学院，培养出了一批又一批优秀的魔法师，继续替父亲坚守着当年同盟时的誓言。但不同于父亲的沉着冷静，钻石浪涛无法对那预言的危机视若无睹，更何况她的名字出现在了预言之中。她将父亲遗留的“末日沙漏”置于宫廷中央。那流沙与时间一同无法停止地前行，她却不敢将这危机与民众诉说，这似乎要将钻石浪涛逼疯，她变得憔悴彷徨、变得严厉易怒，甚至让她与昔日的朋友塞拉斯蒂娅公主都渐行渐远，学院的学生们也开始对她敬而远之。
塞拉斯蒂娅曾亲自前往摩纳驹，试图劝说钻石浪涛那末日沙漏并非真正的预言。钻石浪涛也一度相信了她的朋友，直到坎特洛特的噩耗传来。
钻石浪涛不得不将那放回仓库的沙漏重新摆回大厅中央。她只觉得，那沙漏上部的沙尘似乎又比之前少了一大截。

[en.@]
§g“When the last grain of sand falls, the beasts shall rise from the sea, the rain shall last for forty days and nights, the waves shall wipe all away, and the Kingdom of Monacolt shall be no more.”§!

At the southern tip of a continent full of griffons lies a tiny kingdom as ancient as the Griffon Kingdom, the coastal state of Monacolt.
It is said that hundreds of years ago, Grover The First, King Nautilus, and King Vorak formed a friendly alliance, entrusting the griffons, unicorns, and centaurs to govern the skies, seas, and lands of Griffonica respectively. As time passed, only the Kingdom of Monacolt has retained its fairy-tale appearance from days of old, upholding its promise to protect the sea. King Nautilus, the weaver of storms and conductor of ocean currents, could have summoned tsunamis to drown continents or called forth storms to blot out the sky. Yet, he chose to use his magic to guide fishing boats and shelter young colts from the rain, quietly safeguarding the prosperity of the southern coastal region and the safety of passing merchant ships.
As King Nautilus aged and fell ill, his daughter Duchess Diamond Waves ascended to the throne, founding the Monacolt Magic Academy and training batch after batch of outstanding sorcerers to continue her father’s promise. However, unlike her father’s calm and composed demeanor, Diamond Waves could not ignore the prophecy of impending crisis, especially since her name was mentioned in it. She placed her father’s “Time Glass of Doom” in the center of the palace. The sands within flowed ceaselessly with time, yet she dared not share this looming crisis with her subjects. It seemed to be driving Diamond Waves to madness; she became haggard and anxious, stern and irritable, even growing distant from her old friend Princess Celestia, and the students of the academy began to keep their distance from her as well.
Princess Celestia once visited Monacolt to persuade Diamond Waves that the Time Glass was not a true prophecy. For a time, Diamond Waves believed her friend, until the horrible news from Canterlot arrived.
Diamond Waves had no choice but to place the Time Glass back in the center of the hall, where she felt that the sand in the upper part seemed to have diminished significantly once again.
