[zh.@]
去乐器化
[en.@]
Deinstrumentalization

[zh.@desc]
“不，求求你，警官！不要砸毁我心爱的短号！” 一名戴着贝雷帽的雄驹正向一名警察跪在地上苦苦哀求。但警察面无表情地将短号放在雄驹眼前的工作台上，然后他抡起一把大铁锤朝短号狠狠地砸了下去。这一锤，砸毁的不仅仅是这把小巧玲珑的短号，更是那名短号音乐家对音乐炙热的心。他瘫在地上，无力地看着这一切。
与此同时，两名全副武装的防暴警察正在费力地搬起一个钢琴，走在后面的陆马警察正在挣脱一名雌驹的“骚扰”，那名雌驹一边抱着陆马警察的蹄子，一边哀求：“不要这样，这个钢琴是我爸爸留给我的唯一遗物，是我对他唯一的念想，你们不能夺走它！”
“这是伟大的和煦女皇颁布的命令，从现在起，任何小马的家里都不允许私藏乐器。如果敢拿着乐器在街上演奏，那更是罪加一等，可以直接死刑！” 那名警察一边朝雌驹吼叫，一边用蹄子踹着她。即使那名雌驹被打得遍体鳞伤，但雌驹依旧不肯松蹄：“那你杀了我吧，如果我不能守护它，那么我活着还有什么意义！”
“那我成全你！” 警察掏出一根金属警棍，正要朝雌驹头部狠狠地砸下去...

“住蹄！” 一个蓝色的魔法光束抓住了警察握着的警棍，这让他无法行凶。警察们回头一看，竟然是特丽克西！警察纷纷向她低头。特丽克西穿得十分正式，身后依然是那位坎特洛特派来的委员。
看着倒在地上且奄奄一息的雌驹神情表现得十分痛苦，特丽克西随即挥了挥蹄，两名贴身护卫将雌驹与警察隔离开来。随后，特丽克西指着那名警察说：“你被暂时停职了！”。
特丽克西身后站着的委员刚刚要露出不愉快的表情，特丽克西便立马咳嗽两声，走到那名警察旁边，故作大声地说：“如果你要用暴力才能执行好女皇这么简单而英明的命令，那么说明你的工作能力有问题。这是你被停职的原因，明白吗？”
特丽克西见委员表情缓和，但依然严肃地盯着那架钢琴，她立刻明白过来。特丽克西无奈只得射出一道魔法光束，顷刻间将钢琴变成了一堆废铁。“看见了吗？用不了几秒钟！” 特丽克西对警察说道。委员这才满意地点了点头，转身离开。

特丽克西看着那名雌驹眼中闪烁着泪光，但还是下令将这只雌驹关押起来。“看紧点！”
“明白，我保证监视她！在监狱中不会让她偷偷制作乐器或者私藏唱片的！” 一名新来的警察立刻答应道。
特丽克西愤怒地踹了他一脚：“笨蛋！我是让你看紧她，别让她自杀了！”
[en.@desc]
“No please, officer! Don’t destroy my beloved cornet!” A pony with a beret hat was kneeling in front of a police officer, begging desperately. But the officer, with a blank expression, placed the cornet on the workbench in front of the pony, then raised a large hammer and smashed it down hard on the cornet. With that blow, it wasn’t just the delicate cornet that was destroyed, but also the passionate heart of the cornet player for music. He slumped to the ground, looking at everything helplessly.
Meanwhile, two fully armed riot police were struggling to lift a piano, and an earth pony police officer was trying to break free from a mare’s “harassment”. The mare was holding the earth pony police officer’s hoof, pleading: “Don’t do this, this piano is the only relic my father left me, it’s my only memory of him, plese don’t take it away!”
“This is the order issued by the great and benevolent Empress, from now on, no pony is allowed to hold musical instruments in their homes. If you dare to play music on the street, it is a more serious crime, and you can be executed directly!” The police officer shouted at the mare while kicking her with his hoof. Even though the mare was beaten all over, she still refused to let go of her hoof: “Then kill me with it! If I can’t protect it, what’s the point of me being alive!”
“Your wish is granted!” The police officer took out a metal baton and was about to smash it down on the mare’s head...

“Stop!” A blue magical beam grabbed the baton held by the police officer, preventing him from committing the crime. The police officers turned around and saw that it was Trixie! The police officers bowed to her. Trixie was dressed very formally, and behind her was again the commissioner sent from Canterlot.
Seeing the mare lying on the ground and gasping for breath in pain, Trixie waved her hoof, and two bodyguards separated the mare from the police officer. Then, Trixie pointed at the police officer and said: “You are suspended!”.
Just as the commissioner behind Trixie was about to show an unhappy expression, Trixie immediately coughed twice, walked to the police officer, and said with an intentionally loud voice: “If you need to use violence to execute the simple and wise order of the Empress, it means that you are not capable of doing your job. This is the reason why you are suspended, understand?”
Seeing the commissioner’s expression soften but still staring at the piano seriously, Trixie immediately understood. She had no choice but to shoot a magical beam, turning the piano into a pile of scrap metal in an instant. “See? It only took a few seconds!” Trixie said to the police officer. Only then did the commissioner nod in satisfaction and leave.

Trixie looked at the mare whose eyes shimmering with tears, and oredered to detain this mare. “Keep an eye on her!”
“Understood, I promise to monitor her strictly! I won’t let her secretly make instruments or hide records in prison!” A new police officer immediately promised.
Trixie angrily kicked him: “Idiot! I mean keep an eye on her, don’t let her commit suicide!”

[zh.@o0]
我做了什么...
[en.@o0]
What have I done...