[zh.@]
雾轨的小纸条
[en.@]
A Little Note from Vapor Trail
[zh.@desc]
“喷火领长，抱歉我欺骗了您...”
“关于此前在会议上讨论的‘重返天空’计划，其实我并没有很强的信心。经过对坎特洛特官员的态度分析以及帝国当前空闲军力的评估，我们认为帝国并不会坐视不理，反而会加大对层云堡的干预力度。经过对军力的评估，即使是我们最引以为豪的空军，也将完全没有机会与帝国抗衡。”
“我之所以隐瞒这些，只是为了不想让破空太过失望。他读了太多《友谊日记》，每天都在思考这些，我曾经想让他冷静分析一下，但最后都不欢而散。”
“所以，我恳求您：为了层云堡，请不要进行‘重返天空’计划。为了破空，请不要戳穿我的谎言。我可以为您提供一个拒绝实行计划的借口，而这个借口绝非另一个谎言，而是千真万确的隐患：”
“警惕乘风！我们之前提到计划本身已经获得了乘风的热情支持，但经过背景调查，我发现乘风的商业委员会所从事的军火生意，并非曾经我们设想的那样独立或者与闪尘有竞争关系 —— 闪尘就是乘风的主要供货商之一。”
“这意味着我们的‘重返天空’计划中关于剿灭‘淘汰者’的部分，很可能已经被乘风泄露给了‘淘汰者’，而闪尘她们又很可能进一步将整个计划泄露给了帝国...”
“当然，我理解行动已经开始难以直接中止。但我还是希望可以和您继续讨论一下此事。”

[en.@desc]
“Governor Spitfire, I’m sorry I deceived you...”
“About the ‘Return to the Sky’ plan we discussed in the meeting, I don’t have much confidence in it. After analyzing the attitude of the Cantelot officials and assessing the Empire’s current idle military strength, we believe that the Empire will not sit idly by, but will instead increase its intervention in Stratusburg. After evaluating the military strength, even our most proud air force will have no chance of competing with the Empire.”
“I kept this from you because I didn’t want to disappoint Sky Stinger too much. He has read the Friendship Diary too many times and thinks about these things every day. I once wanted him to analyze it calmly, but we ended up parting ways unhappily.”
“Therefore, I implore you: for the sake of Stratusburg, please do not carry out the ‘Return to the Sky’ plan. For the sake of Sky Stinger, please do not expose my lie. I can provide you with an excuse to refuse to implement the plan, and this excuse is by no means another lie, but a real hidden danger:”
“Be cautious of Wind Rider! We previously mentioned that the plan itself has received enthusiastic support from Wind Rider, but after background investigation, I found that the arms business that Wind Rider’s Chamber of Commerce is engaged in is not as independent or competitive with the Washouts as we originally envisioned — the Washouts IS one of Wind Rider’s main suppliers.”
“This means that the part in our ‘Return to the Sky’ plan about eliminating the Washouts may have already been leaked to them by Wind Rider, and they may have further leaked the entire plan to the Empire...”
“Of course, I understand that it is difficult to suddenly stop the mission once it has started. But I still hope to continue discussing this matter with you.”

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
