[zh.@]
突袭马哈顿
[en.@]
Manehattan Raid
[zh.@desc]
平等镇的广播传遍了小马利亚，抵抗军领袖星光熠熠称马哈顿“存在奴隶贸易的反小马恶行”，并向马哈顿商业联盟派出了军队。

马哈顿市长乐善解释称“马哈顿的一切贸易都是正常的商业活动”，而名义上对马哈顿地区拥有管辖权的小马利亚帝国也因此受到了广泛质疑，和煦光流女皇被要求“为马哈顿的情况做出合理解释”。

以下内容转载自《星光电台》:
“就在今天，我们怀着愤怒的心情发现一个事实：马哈顿，这座以繁华街道和多元文化而自豪的城市，不知不觉地成为了乐善黑暗帝国的温床。”

“乐善及其团伙宣称‘我们将给每一只小马一个工作’，实际上，小马们拿不到任何工资，被逼迫着为奴隶主们卖命。乐善团伙将普通的小马看作商品，用金钱定义小马的尊严和价值。那些曾经自由奔放、充满希望的小马们，现在却陷入了一个噩梦般的奴役圈子。他们的梦想被粉碎，他们的精神被打破，他们现在只是乐善扭曲游戏中的棋子。这是一个残酷的命运转折，将一个以明亮灯光而闻名的城市变成了悲剧和心碎的舞台。”

“那些设法逃脱这种可怕命运的故事就像冬天的寒风一样令人不寒而栗。他们谈论的是被剥夺了尊严的生活，在监视着他们的监视下苦苦挣扎。这是一个醒目的提醒：一个友谊和谐的土地上，盘踞着为自己的利益而剥削弱者的小马。”

“究其原因，纵容乐善团伙犯罪的势力，就是犯罪头目和煦光流。所有小马都看见了她的所谓“小马利亚帝国”，竟然纵容奴隶贸易！和煦光流一手策划了肮脏的交易，她的名字将被钉在小马利亚的耻辱柱上，为千世万代所唾弃，嘲笑。”

“商业联盟的反小马恶行传开，小马利亚的公民们要求正义，抵抗军不会忍受这样的恶行，乐善必须为他的所作所为付出代价！”
[en.@desc]
The broadcast from Our Town spread throughout Equestria, with the Resistance leader Starlight Glimmer accusing Manehattan of “conducting evil slave trade”. At the same time, she sent troops to the Manehattan Business Alliance.

Mayor Gladmane of Manehattan defended that “all trades in Manehattan are normal business activities”, while the Equestria Empire, which has nominal jurisdiction over the Manehattan area, has been widely questioned. Empress Cozy Glow was asked to “provide a reasonable explanation for the situation in Manehattan”.

The following content is reprinted from “Starlight Radio”:
“Today, with anger in our hearts, we have to reveal an unfortunate fact: Manehattan, a city once proud of its bustling streets and multiculturalism, has secretly become the breeding ground for the dark empire of Gladmane.”

“Gladmane and his gang once advertised ‘we will give every pony a job’, but in reality, the ponies received no wages and were forced to work for their masters. Gladmane’s gang treats ordinary ponies as commodities, defining the dignity and value of ponies with money. Those ponies who were once free and full of hope are now trapped in a nightmare of slavery. Their dreams are crushed, their spirits are broken, and they are now just pawns in Gladmane’s twisted game. It is a cruel twist of fate that has turned a city known for its bright lights into a stage of tragedy and heartbreak.”

“The stories told by those who managed to escape this terrible fate are as chilling as the winter wind. They talk about a life deprived of dignity, struggling under the watchful eyes of their supervisors. This is a stark reminder: in a land of friendship and harmony, there are ponies who exploit the weak for their own benefit.”

“The forces that allow Gladmane’s gang to commit crimes are led by the boss of all crimes, no other than Empress Cozy Glow. Now, in front of all the ponies in Equestria, she has allowed slave trade in her so-called ‘Equestria Empire’! Cozy Glow has planned dirty trade deals, and her name will be nailed to the pin of shame in Equestria history, to be despised and ridiculed for generations to come.”

“The evil deeds of the Business Alliance have been exposed, and the citizens of Equestria demand justice. The Resistance will not tolerate such evil deeds, and Gladmane must pay the price for his actions!”
[zh.@o0]
不得不做出表态了。
[en.@o0]
Well, the Empire has to make some statement.
[zh.@o1]
推进！
[en.@o1]
Advance!
[zh.@o2]
什么？！
[en.@o2]
What?!
