[zh.@]
过分吵闹的葬礼
[en.@]
Grave Situation

[zh.@desc]
暮光公主的葬礼已经结束几天了，但自由港的街头依然有着数量不小的哀悼群体。他们聚集在一起，举着小马利亚的旗帜，唱着哀歌，低着头在街头缓缓踱步，经过的地方都会留下一地的花瓣。而在这些哀悼的群体不远处，还有一群群正在抗议族裔待遇问题，表达着对政府不满的游行队伍。很明显异国的一个公主的死亡并不会阻碍他们继续争取自己的权益。

“该死的！麻烦把你们这堆垃圾挪走好吗？”一只狮鹫用刺耳的声音对着刚经过自己店门前的一支哀悼队伍大吼。“瞧你们留下这一堆垃圾！我还要开门做生意呢！”
队伍停了下来，纷纷扭头看向这只狮鹫，他们地眼神里或哀伤，但也有愤怒。一匹飞马呼地一下飞到狮鹫面前，不甘示弱地回怼：“我们在这里为我们的友谊公主表达敬意是我们的合法权利！你最好对我们的公主放尊重点！别忘了这里现在是‘自由小马利亚’！”

此话一出，周围好几只狮鹫都大怒，纷纷走上前：“自由港不是你们小马专属的地方，我们有我们自己的生活没有义务让着你们！你们的公主已经死了！以后你们小马再也没有资格用那套狗屁谐律的话术对其他种族指指点点！”
火星瞬间被点燃，双方开始激烈地争执，很快争吵演变成了推搡，进而变成扭打。这时，另一支游行队伍经过。看见居然有小马和狮鹫打在了一起，他们愤怒不已，大喊这是种族压迫行为，愤然加入了已经一团混乱的战场。很快，这场由一只小马和狮鹫引发的争吵就演变了成无差别的攻击，好几家店铺被砸了个稀烂。为表报复，几只风暴兽抢走了一面小马利亚旗帜当着众多小马的面点火烧毁。

警方很快到来，但很明显只是在给热烈的气氛添油加醋。到了晚上，这一条街道的冲突已经蔓延到了周围好几个街区。而到了第二天清晨，自由港已经变得一片狼藉。
[en.@desc]
It has been days since the funeral of Princess Twilight, but the streets of Freeport are still filled with a considerable number of mourners. They gather together, holding the flag of Equestria, singing elegies, pacing slowly along the streets with their heads down, spreading petals wherever they go. Not far from these mourners, there are groups of protesters who are demonstrating against discrimination, expressing their dissatisfaction with the government. Obviously, the death of a foreign princess will not stop them from continuing to fight for their own rights.

“Damn it! Can you move your trash away?” A griffon shouted at a passing mourning group in front of his shop with a harsh voice. “Look at the mess you left behind! You are blocking my business!”
The group stopped, turning their heads to look at the griffon, their eyes filled with sadness and anger. Suddenly, a pegasus pony flew to the griffon, retorting defiantly, “It is our legal right to pay tribute to our Princess of Friendship here! You had better show some respect for our princess! Don’t forget that this is ‘Free Equestria’!”

As soon as these words were spoken, several griffons around them became furious and walked up to them, “Freeport is not a place exclusively for you ponies. We have our own lives and are not obliged to accommodate you! Your princess is dead! You ponies no longer have the right to use that hypocritical rhetoric to dictate what is right for other species!”
The spark of conflict was instantly ignited, and the two sides began to argue fiercely. Soon, the argument escalated from verbal to physical confrontation. At this moment, another group of protesters passed by. Seeing ponies and griffons fighting, they were furious and shouted that this was an act of racial oppression, angrily joining the already chaotic battlefield. Soon, this argument that was started by one pony and one griffon evolved into indiscriminate attacks, and several shops were smashed to pieces. In retaliation, several storm creatures snatched a flag of Equestria and burned it in front of many ponies.

The police arrived quickly, but it was obvious that they were only adding fuel to the fire. By nightfall, the conflict on this street had spread to several blocks around. By the next morning, Freeport had become a mess.

[zh.@o0]
看来必须使用强硬方式了！
[en.@o0]
Forceful measures must be taken!
