[zh.@]
最后一场葬礼
[en.@]
The last funeral
[zh.@desc]
刺骨的雨滴夹杂着雪花与冰晶，拍打在小萍花的黑伞上，这是她这个月来参加的第三场苹果家族成员的葬礼，小萍花记得那具摆放在精致苹果木棺中的残躯，以前每次她被她的姐姐苹果嘉儿带着去苹果鲁萨拜访，他总会为她制作吃不完的苹果蛋糕。但频繁的葬礼已经让包括她在内的许多家族成员无法再为这位可怜的亲戚挤出一丝货真价实的眼泪了。许多苹果家族的成员都来参加这场仪式是幸运的，也还有许多家族成员仍在战场又或者前沿指挥所无法参加。数十名士兵在台下鸣枪敬礼，台上一名名小马流着眼泪叙说着昔日往事，一丛丛鲜花被放在了下沉的棺木上。作为一个苹果派家族的成员，他已经很幸福了，他所在的隐蔽指挥所被一颗错误发射的炮弹击中，凭借自己的身份有着这么一个齐全甚至奢华的葬礼仪式，最后一次享受着家族的陪伴。而大多数默默无名的小马已经在石青派的指令下不断发起着冲锋，并最终静静的躺在战场上任凭风吹雨打。许多家族成员都知道现在的情况不对，但是也没有更好的选择了，大洛克维尔的领土与日俱增，石青派的威名日益显赫，但这一切都跟这片土地上生活的小马无关。葬礼结束后，正当家族成员要各自散去，小萍花下定了决心，朝着莫丝清香做了个眼神示意，她拦住了在场的众马。


[en.@desc]
The bone-chilling raindrops, mixed with snowflakes and shards of ice, struck relentlessly against Apple Bloom’s black umbrella. This was the third funeral she had attended this month for a member of the Apple family.

Apple Bloom remembered the remains lying inside the finely crafted applewood coffin. She recalled how, whenever her sister Applejack took her to visit Apple Russet, he would always bake endless apple pies for her. But so many funerals had already drained the family’s tears — even she could no longer muster a single genuine drop for this poor relative.

Many members of the Apple family were lucky enough to attend the ceremony, though countless others were still fighting on the battlefield or stationed at forward command posts, unable to return. Below the stage, dozens of soldiers fired their rifles in salute. On the platform, one pony after another wept as they spoke of the past, while bouquets of fresh flowers were placed atop the lowering coffin.

For a member of the Apple Pie branch, he was considered fortunate. His hidden command post had been struck by a misfired shell, yet thanks to his status, he received such a complete — even luxurious — funeral ceremony, enjoying the company of his family one last time. Most nameless ponies, however, were still charging forward under Limestone Pie’s orders, eventually falling silent on the battlefield, left to the mercy of the wind and rain.

Many in the family knew something was terribly wrong with the current situation, but there was no better choice. The Great Rockville’s territory expanded day by day, and the prestige of Limestone Pie’s faction grew ever more dazzling — yet none of it had anything to do with the ponies living on this land.

When the funeral finally ended and the family members began to disperse, Apple Bloom made up her mind. She exchanged a glance with Mossy Scent, then stepped forward to stop everypony in their tracks.
[zh.@o0]
“先等等，我有一件事情的真相要告诉大家”
[en.@o0]
"Wait！ I have the truth of something to tell everypony."
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
小萍花的机会来临了...
[en.@TOOLTIP]
chance is coming...
