[zh.@]
家庭会议
[en.@]
family meeting
[zh.@desc]

派家族和苹果家族的小马都陆续入座后，石青派没有向她的妹妹石灰派那样先进行一番嘘寒问暖，而是直接开始谈论起采石农场的现况和发展情况，很快，她话锋一转，将会议的核心转向了军事扩张，她开始谈论采石农场的军备，以及为了在未来的一场决定性的战争中获得胜利，采石农场的小马需要做什么，比如更长的工作时间和更广泛甚至强制性的征兵规则。当她说完后，狭小的会场陷入了一片寂静。
会议给石灰派和玉琪派留了位子，不过她们本马今天并没有到场，只有俩把空椅子。火岩派和云母同样也是如此。在一片静默中，石青派望着这些空座位，一时有些愣神，直到一个低沉的嗓音把她从回忆当中拉了回来
“石青妹妹，我很理解你的悲痛，火岩派和云母不仅是你的父母，也是我们各位的亲戚或者家族成员。正是血缘的纽带将我们团结在一起，可恕我直言，我不太赞成你对未来的规划，采石农场的每个小马都该自由的决定自己的方向，而不是被你绑在战车上冲向帝国”
石青派抬起头，看是谁敢这么对她说话...是布雷本，这不仅让她感到一丝头疼，场地上的派家族或者苹果家族小马的代表此刻都看着他，石青派从许多小马的眼神中看出了对布雷本一番言辞的认可。
“我今天召开这个会议，既不是来跟你们吵架的，也不是来跟你们协商的，我是来通知你们的，你们只有接受这个选项”石青派毫不客气的回复道，语气里透露着一丝埋怨，她埋怨这些此刻最应该站在她这一边的小马，却选择与她作对，放任这么多年来的国仇家恨，去跟帝国同流合污。石青派越想越气，但她深吸一口气，尝试冷静下来，她真的不想在这里发火，对她最重要的小马发火。
“如果我不答应呢”布雷本环顾了下四周，对着他们点了点脑袋问到，也问出了在场的小马最感兴趣的一个问题
“如果你们执意如此，我只好请你们离开采石农场，我会和所有留下的家族成员对抗帝国”，石青派一只蹄子靠在火岩派的空椅子上，另一只蹄子指了指门口说到
布雷本叹了口气，他其实已经料到会是这个局面了，于是他带头站了起来，向着屋外走去，当他走到门口时，他转过身对石青派说道“我理解你的感受，我对这一阵子发生的所有事情感到抱歉...等你想通了后，我们会回来的”当他走出去的那一刻，其他几名苹果家族的代表和大部分采石农场的家族成员也都站了起来，陆陆续续走出了这个房间
与此同时，石青派瘫坐在椅子上，看着这一切，没有说任何挽留的话。当布雷本走出采石农场的政府大门，他回过头看到众多家族成员都跟在他的后面选择一同离开，这让他悲痛的内心感到了一丝慰藉

[en.@desc]
fter all the ponies from the Pie family and the Apple family had taken their seats, Limestone Pie—unlike Maud Pie—didn’t begin by exchanging pleasantries with her sister. Instead, she dove straight into the current state and future prospects of the rock farm. Before long, she shifted the meeting’s focus to military expansion. She detailed the farm’s armaments and what the ponies would need to do if they were to prevail in the next decisive war: longer work hours, broader—and even mandatory—conscription. When she finished speaking, the cramped meeting hall fell deathly silent.

Seats had been left open for Maud Pie and Mudbriar, but Limestone Pie couldn’t yet bring herself to acknowledge their absence. Granite Pie (Igneous Rock) and Cloudy Quartz were similarly missing. Amid the hush, Limestone Pie stared at those empty chairs, lost in thought—until a low voice snapped her back to the present.

“Sister Limestone, I share your grief. Granite Pie and Cloudy Quartz were not only your parents but our kin and family. Blood binds us together. But with all due respect, I can’t support your plan for the future. Every pony at the rock farm deserves the freedom to choose their own path, not be yoked to a war machine for the Empire.”

Limestone Pie looked up, frowning. Who dared speak to her this way? It was Brabon. Her headache deepened as every other Pie and Apple pony in the room silently nodded in agreement with his words.

“I called this meeting today not to argue or negotiate,” Limestone Pie retorted coldly, a note of accusation in her voice. She blamed those who should have stood by her for siding with the Empire despite generations of family enmity. Anger surged, but she drew a deep breath, forcing herself to calm down—she didn’t want to lose her temper in front of those she held dear.

“And if I refuse?” Brabon looked around, then tilted his head, voicing the question on everyone’s mind.

“If you insist on opposing me, then I have no choice but to ask you and your supporters to leave the rock farm,” Limestone Pie declared, placing a hoof on Granite Pie’s empty chair and pointing to the door with her other hoof.

Brabon sighed—he had expected this outcome. He stood first and began to walk out. At the door he paused, turned back, and said, “I understand your pain, and I’m sorry for everything that’s happened… When you’ve had time to think, we will return.” As he stepped outside, the other Apple family delegates and most of the rock‑farm families stood and followed him out of the room.

Inside the hall, Limestone Pie slumped in her chair, watching them go without a single plea for them to stay. Outside the government doors of the quarry domain, Braeburn glanced back to see dozens more kin marching away beside him. Though his heart ached, he found a measure of solace in their solidarity.
[zh.@o0]
苹果鲁萨和采石农场暂时分道扬镳了，但是俩家族彼此之间的情感却不会
[en.@o0]
Appleloosa and the Rock Farm separated for a while, but the feelings between the two families are not