[zh.@]
海蓝的审判
[en.@]
Aquamarine’s Trial
[zh.@desc]
最终，“繁花案”的幕后主使 —— 海蓝，被送上了法庭。那张最后时刻的照片，成为了关键证据。尽管海蓝继续矢口否认，并声称这是一张假照片，但这个理由并不能说服法官。雨晴与安详的证词都显示，海蓝在南都期间负责稚马之息的运输工作，而海蓝对此坚称并不负责。除此之外，海蓝也无法解释在调查组的会谈中匆匆离场，行踪不明。

在法庭宣判前的最后时刻，一只麒麟突破了法庭的安保闯入法庭，声称海蓝是无辜的。这正是曾经与海蓝一同出演《歌剧魅影》的戏剧演员 —— 歌伶。她向法官解释，海蓝在调查组谈话过程中离场，是与自己有约，她可以证明那晚海蓝与自己一起在一家饭店共进晚餐。歌伶同时称，自己与海蓝相处时，确实从未听说过海蓝的工作与稚马之息有任何关系。歌伶坚称与自己朝夕相处的海蓝是正直守法的好官，绝不可能参与走私案件。

然而，歌伶也无法对证据照片做出解释，因此最终，法庭依然判决海蓝有罪，处以终身监禁，关押于险崇峰监狱。但歌伶与海蓝的秘密恋情，却一下成为了公众的焦点，风头甚至远远盖过了海蓝入狱的新闻。

[en.@desc]
At the very end, the mastermind behind the “Blossom Case” — Aquamarine, was brought to court. The photo received in the final moments became key evidence. Although Aquamarine continued to deny it and claimed that it was a fake photo, this reason did not convince the judge. Testimonies from Rain Shine and Composed showed that Aquamarine was responsible for the transportation of foal’s breath in Nan Du, while Aquamarine insisted that she was not responsible for it. In addition, Aquamarine could not explain her hasty departure from the investigation team’s meeting and her subsequent disappearance.

In the final moments before the court’s verdict, a Kirin broke through the court’s security and entered the courtroom, claiming that Aquamarine was innocent. This was the drama actress who had once starred in “The Phantom of the Opera” with Aquamarine — Chanteuse. She explained to the judge that Aquamarine left the investigation team’s meeting to meet with her, and she could prove that Aquamarine had dinner with her at a restaurant that night. Chanteuse also claimed that she had never heard of Aquamarine’s work being related to foal’s breath when she was with her. Chanteuse insisted that the Aquamarine she knew, was an honest and law-abiding official who could not possibly be involved in smuggling.

However, Chanteuse could not explain the evidence photo, so in the end, the court still ruled Aquamarine guilty and sentenced her to life imprisonment, to be held in the Peaks of Peril Prison. But the secret love affair between Chanteuse and Aquamarine suddenly became the public’s focus, and the limelight even overshadowed the news of Aquamarine’s imprisonment.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay