[zh.@]
《断山纪事》
[en.@]
“Broken Mountain Chronicle”

[zh.@desc]
书中描述，学徒提雷克与其师父僧达克反目成仇，提雷克前往断山与僧达克和他的仆从决战。断山此前名为“险崇峰”，被提雷克在暴怒下劈成两半从而得名。
这场战斗给当地的麒麟居民留下了深刻的印象，以至于他们将其改编成神话故事，将这场战斗的结果视为天与地的变化，认为提雷克的力量导致了天地的倾斜，日月星辰的移动与河水的移位。
在断山的麒麟文明被毁灭后不久，其他地区的麒麟文明也相继消失，半人马文明在这片土地上取代了麒麟文明。这大概就是《断山纪事》的主要内容，对于那些有兴趣了解已经濒临灭绝的麒麟文明文化的半人马学者和历史爱好者来说，这本书是一份宝贵的资料。

§b“昔者，提雷克与僧达克争为帝，怒而触麒麟险崇峰，天柱折，地维绝。天倾西北，故日月星辰移焉；地不满东南，故水潦尘埃归焉。” ——《断山纪事》原文§!

[en.@desc]
In the books’ narrative, Tirek, the protégé, and his master, Sendak, became enemies. Tirek went to the Duan Shan to fight against Sendak and his followers. Duan Shan were previously known as the “Peaks of Peril”, but were renamed after Tirek cleaved them in half in a fit of rage, therefore calling “Duan Shan”, meaning “Broken Mountain”.
This battle left a deep impression on the local Kirin residents, to the point where they adapted it into a myth, interpreting the outcome of the battle as a change in the heavens and the earth, believing that Tirek’s power caused the tilt of the heavens and the earth, the movement of the sun, moon, and stars, and the shifting of the river.
Shortly after the destruction of the Kirin civilization in Duan Shan, the Kirin civilizations in other regions also disappeared one after another, and the centaurs replaced the Kirins on this land. This is probably the main content of the “Broken Mountain Chronicle”, a valuable resource for centaur scholars and history enthusiasts interested in learning about the Kirin civilization culture that is on the brink of extinction.

§b“’i days of yore, Tirek and Sendak vied for the throne of kings, and ’i his ire, Tirek didst cleave the Kirins’ Peaks of Peril ’i twain. The pillar of heaven wast rent asunder, and the earthly bond wast broken. The heavens didst lean toward the west and north, thus didst travelling lamp, moon, and stars shift their course; the earth found no fullness to the east and south, thus didst waters rise and dust returneth.” — Original text of the “Broken Mountain Chronicle”§!

[zh.@o0]
有趣
[en.@o0]
Interesting
