[zh.@]
虫巢召见
[en.@]
The Hive Summon
[zh.@desc]
受到邪茧女王的召见，幻形灵中央情报局局长欺诈者从北孵化堡的情报总局急匆匆地赶回虫巢。他很清楚邪茧女王的突然紧急召见意味着什么——他针对邪茧女王的秘密小组显然已经暴露了。刚进入虫巢，他便看见邪茧女王的严肃的视线，和女王身边面无表情整齐站立的近卫队。一阵短暂的沉默后，邪茧女王终于开口了。
首先是暴怒，对欺诈者忠诚的质问和斥责。具体的内容是什么，欺诈者觉得自己已经不再听的清了，他只是静静地看着邪茧女王。
随后，邪茧从愤怒变为惋惜和悲伤，她诉说着自己对情报局的支持，对欺诈者的培养提拔——从虫巢的一名普通士兵，到近卫队队员，近卫队队长，再到新成立的情报总局局长。而她对欺诈者的如此恩情，在欺诈者看来却更加像是软弱的证据。
年轻时，欺诈者就已经是邪茧女王的忠实追随者了，成为近卫队的一分子后，他更是可以与邪茧女王日常接触，聆听她的教诲，学习她的思想。但这些美好的回忆，也只属于曾经——眼前的邪茧女王，只令欺诈者感到陌生。
接着，邪茧女王似乎是冷静了下来，开始罗列她的举措，试图说服欺诈者相信她对幻形灵种族的“宏伟安排”，试图说服欺诈者，对小马的短暂和平是值得的。但正如前面几个阶段一样，欺诈者并未打算对此做出回复。
再接下来，邪茧女王的眼神中只剩下了失望，她命令近卫队将欺诈者带走，带至虫巢的地牢关押——而非处决。这也终于消灭了欺诈者心中的最后一丝犹豫，他知道自己的选择是正确的。
最后，邪茧女王展现出了惊讶——她身边的近卫队都已经被幻形灵中央情报局的行动员替换掉了。不过当然，即使邪茧女王已经变得软弱，对付这些行动员也不是什么难事，欺诈者也清楚这一点。
于是，最后的最后，在邪茧女王暴怒地杀死一个个向她发起攻击的行动员的同时，欺诈者不慌不忙从包中拿出了针对邪茧女王特化的暗石，激活后放在地上。随后他又拿出防毒面具慢慢带上，关上了门，大步缓缓走出虫巢，将那团混乱抛之脑后。
[en.@desc]
Summoned by Queen Chrysalis, The director of CECIA, Trickster, rushed from Hatchburg headquarter back to the Changeling Hive. He knew what the sudden and urgent summon from Queen Chrysalis meant — his secret group against Queen Chrysalis had been exposed. As soon as he entered the Hive, he saw the serious look from Queen Chrysalis and the emotionless standing guards. After a brief silence, Queen Chrysalis finally spoke.
First was anger, questioning and reprimanding Trickster’s loyalty. Trickster felt he couldn’t hear the specific reprimanding clearly anymore, he just looked at Queen Chrysalis quietly.
Then, Queen Chrysalis turned from anger to regret and sadness, talking about her support for CECIA, her nurturing and promotion of Trickster — from an ordinary soldier in the Hive, to a guard, to a captain, and then to the newly established CECIA’s director. But her kindness to Trickster seemed more like a sign of weakness in Trickster’s eyes.
When he was young, Trickster was already a loyal follower of Queen Chrysalis. After becoming a member of the guard, he could be in daily contact with Queen Chrysalis, listen to her teachings, and learn her thoughts. But these beautiful memories only belonged to the past — the Queen Chrysalis in front of him made Trickster feel strange.
Then, Queen Chrysalis seemed to calm down and began to list her actions, trying to persuade Trickster to believe in her “grand plan” for the Changeling race. She tried to persuade Trickster that the brief peace with the ponies was worth it. But as with the previous stages, Trickster did not intend to respond to this.
Next, Queen Chrysalis’s eyes were filled with disappointment. She ordered the guards to take Trickster away and imprison him in the Hive’s dungeon — rather than execute him. This finally eliminated the last hesitation in Trickster’s heart, and he knew his choice was correct.
Finally, Queen Chrysalis showed surprise — all the guards around her had been replaced by CECIA operatives. Of course, even though Queen Chrysalis had become weak, dealing with these operatives was not difficult, and Trickster clearly knew this.
Thus, at the very end, while Queen Chrysalis was furiously killing the operatives attacking her, Trickster calmly took out from his bag a specialized dark rock tailored against Queen Chrysalis, activated it, and put it on the ground. Then he took out a gas mask, slowly put it on, closed the door, and walked out of the Hive, leaving the chaos behind.
[zh.@o0]
欺诈者英明！
[en.@o0]
Hail Trickster!
