[zh.@]
报告12-A.0a
[en.@]
Report 12-A.0a
[zh.@desc]
主题：抵抗军现状报告（1002年冬）

目前，抵抗军仍被伪帝国势力包围。与此同时，一些难民从帝国逃离，在伪帝国控制力弱的边境地区进入抵抗军境内，规模较小。预计在伪帝国加强边境管控前，难民入境趋势不会停止。

抵抗军的生产受到威胁。在经济封锁和难民的影响下，抵抗军只能将资源集中在平等镇及数个重要据点内。此外，云中城侦察天马和伪帝国边境巡逻队以平均每天12次的袭扰频率重创运输线路，经济部不得不将部分资源调配用以保护物资运输。

抵抗军的防御体系建设已取得一定进展。平等镇及周边地区的防御阵地基本完备。平等镇向东部荒地的探索线路存在易于受袭的问题，建议沿线补充检查站及增设备用路线。

我们的军事力量目前受到极大限制。在生产受袭的情况下，军事生产难以大规模开展。同时，军团训练及扩编存在暴露位置风险，可能泄露军事部署情报，因此无法进行大规模军事改革。


国家安全部评估安全等级(A-E)：C
署名：安全部长 双钻
[en.@desc]
Subject: Resistance Status Report (Winter 1002)

Currently, the Resistance is still surrounded by the illegal empire. At the same time, some refugees have fled from the illegal empire and entered the Resistance-controlled area in the border areas where the illegal empire’s control is weak, but the scale is small. It is expected that the trend of refugees entering the Resistance will not stop until the Empire strengthens border control.
The Resistance’s production is threatened. Under the economic blockade and the influence of refugees, the Resistance can only concentrate resources in the town of Equality and several important strongholds. In addition, the reconnaissance Pegasus of the Cloudsdale and the border patrol of the illegal empire have repeatedly attacked the transportation routes with an average frequency of 12 times a day, and the Economic Department has to allocate some resources to protect the material transportation.
The construction of the Resistance’s defense system has made some progress. The defense positions in the town of Equality and the surrounding areas are basically complete. There are problems with the exploration route from Equality Town to the eastern wasteland, which is easy to be attacked. It is recommended to add checkpoints along the route and increase the equipment route.
Our military strength is currently severely restricted. In the case of production being attacked, military production is difficult to carry out on a large scale. At the same time, there are risks of exposure in the training and expansion of legions, which may leak military deployment intelligence, so large-scale military reforms should not be carried out.

National Security Department’s assessment of security level (A-E): C
Signature: Head of Security, Double Diamond
[zh.@o0]
记录在案
[en.@o0]
File Archived