[en.@NAME]
Spitfire
[zh.@NAME]
喷火

[zh.@DESC]
“自由层云堡运动”领导者，层云堡自治领领长，前闪电天马队队长。喷火性格直率... 或者可以说是有点暴躁，但她的领导能力确实毋庸置疑的。早在闪电天马队期间，就几乎没有任何天马敢于挑战她的权威 —— 少数几位挑战者最后要么和她成为了挚友，要么退出了闪电天马队。
喷火的领导风格是“以身作则”，并为整个队伍的每一位队员着想，这也一定程度上中和了她的强势性格。终末之战后，本想要率领闪电天马队与三巨头正面冲突的喷火，聆听了云中城与层云堡等天马居民的意见，最终选择和平抗争。在无意间为云中城居民送上呆蹄领主这份大礼后，如今的喷火成为了层云堡自治领的领袖。自她上任以来，虽说层云堡宣布服从帝国的统治，但怎么看都像是喷火让帝国被层云堡所统治：每年高额的地区发展补贴从帝国国库流向层云堡，而层云堡的自治权却不逊于任何一个帝国省份或领地。
喷火对这一现状还算满意，但难以接受这种关系的，除了帝国方面，还有层云堡内的不满情绪——他们有的来自被解散的闪电天马队、有的来自“淘汰者”、有的希望“自由层云堡运动”更加激进，有的则是从云中城逃来的抱怨着被呆蹄摧毁商业垄断帝国的商马们... 因为不想变成一团肉泥，他们只是小声嘟囔着，但他们的声音喷火都听得到，她只是不知道该如何表态。
[en.@DESC]
Leader of the “Free Stratusburg Movement”, Governer of the Dominion of Stratusburg, former captain of the Wonderbolts. Spitfire is straightforward... or you could say she’s a bit hot-tempered, but her leadership is indeed unquestionable. Even back in the days of the Wonderbolts, there were hardly any pegasi who dared to challenge her authority — the few challengers either became her close friends, or withdrew from the Wonderbolts.
Spitfire’s leadership style is “leading by example”, and she always considers every member of the team, which to some extent balances her strong ego. After the Ultimate Battle, Spitfire, who originally wanted to lead the Wonderbolts to confront the Big Three head-on, listened to the opinions of the pegasi residents of Cloudsdale and Stratusburg, and ultimately chose peaceful resistance instead. After inadvertently giving the residents of Cloudsdale the gift of Duchess Derpy, Spitfire has now become the leader of the Dominion of Stratusburg. Since taking office, Sptifire made it semms that Stratusburg is ruling the Empire, rather than the other way around: the high regional development subsidies flow from the Imperial Treasury to Stratusburg year after year, while the autonomy of Stratusburg is no less than any province or duchy of the Empire.
Spitfire is somewhat satisfied with this situation, but the dissatisfaction with this relationship comes not only from the Empire, but also from the discontent within Stratusburg — some of them come from the disbanded Wonderbolts, some from the Washouts, some hope that the “Free Stratusburg Movement” will be more radical, and some are businessponies fled from Cloudsdale after their monopolies were destroyed by Duchess Derpy... They just whisper quietly because they don’t want to be turned into a full body wing-and-hoof cast drinkin’ through a straw, but Spitfire can hear their voices, she just doesn’t know how to respond.
