[zh.@]
节俭的奢侈 · 下
[en.@]
Frugal Luxury · II

[zh.@desc]
... 即使如今的羽蝶已经不再接触基层事务，羽蝶也从不会忘记当初他的当初的恐惧...
那还是塞拉斯蒂娅公主的时代，学习经济学的羽蝶以第一名的成绩从塞拉斯蒂娅皇家学院毕业，进入皇宫成为花花短裤麾下的一名实习生。但初入皇宫的第一项任务就差点终结了羽蝶的政治生涯：夏至庆典的物资调度工作做得一团糟。好在，在那最低谷的时期，和煦光流 — 那时还并未成为女皇的幼驹 — 发现了这位天才并安抚了他几近崩溃的情绪。随后在M6的帮助下，羽蝶有惊无险地度过了那一晚。
自那之后，羽蝶便深刻意识到一个道理：计划永远赶不上变化。没有小马有能力预知未来，即便是那位具有强迫症热爱制作计划表的暮光闪闪也不行。当他从“无为而治”的角度重新审视那些皇家学院旧贵族们的经济学理论时，他意识到了一个新的可能性：小马们具有自发组织经济活动的能力 — 就像一只小马开始唱歌，其他小马也会跟着唱歌一样。也许，小马们并不需要经济学家，并不需要他和花花短裤这样的官僚，甚至并不需要公主。只有将一切交还给小马们让他们自由地生产、销售与购买，羽蝶便再也无需回顾那一晚制定计划时的焦头烂额。
只不过，直到羽蝶的计划被摆在和煦光流女皇的书桌上的那一刻，羽蝶才意识到，那个在自己最绝望时帮助自己的友谊女皇，似乎也并不总是那么友善...

[en.@desc]
... Even though Flatterfly no longer deals with grassroots affairs, he never forgets his fear back then...
It was still the era of Princess Celestia. Flatterfly, who graduated from the Royal Academy of Celestia with the highest score in economics, entered the palace as an intern under Fancy Pants’s command. However, his first task in the palace almost ended Flatterfly’s political career: the logistics of the Summer Sun Setback was a mess. Fortunately, during that difficult time, Cozy Glow — who was still a foal and not yet the Empress — discovered his talent and calmed him down when he was on the verge of collapse. With the help of M6, Flatterfly narrowly survived that night.
Since then, Flatterfly has deeply realized a truth: plans can never keep up with changes. No pony has the ability to predict the future, not even the Princess Twilight Sparkle who crazed about making plans. When he re-examined the economic theories of the old nobles of the Royal Academy from the perspective of “masterly inactivity”, he found a new possibility: ponies have the ability to spontaneously organize economic activities — just like when one pony starts singing, other ponies will follow. Perhaps, ponies do not need economists, do not need him and bureaucrats like Fancy Pants, and do not even need a princess. Only by returning everything to the ponies and letting them produce, sell, and buy freely, can Flatterfly no longer have to recall the headache he had as a coordinator that night.
However, it was not until the moment when Flatterfly’s plan was placed on the desk of Empress Cozy Glow that Flatterfly realized, the Friendship Empress who helped him when he was most desperate, seemed not always so friendly...

[zh.@o0]
唉...
[en.@o0]
Alas...
