[zh.@]
萼叶档案：刺杀案嫌疑犯
[en.@]
The Sepal Files: Suspect of the Assassination Case
[zh.@desc]
经过一个月，雾轨终于将萼叶组织的调查结果汇总成了报告交给了破空，然而在报告内，却难以下定任何结论：没有小马可以被逃脱怀疑。
嫌疑最大的当属闪尘 — 火药桶本就是“淘汰者”的成员、闪尘的下属，在喷火遇刺后闪尘又第一时间准备好了竞选纲领与演讲，这些都让她成为了最有嫌疑的对象。
接着是乘风 — 谁都知道这是个贪婪而不择手段的商马，虽然他得到了他想要的一切，但总是想要更多。喷火之前就曾表达过限制商业委员会的垄断的想法，可能因此成为了乘风想要除掉的对象。
再是名流谷 — 夺取彩虹工厂是“重返天空”计划的一部分，他们可能从商业委员会那里听到了风声，想要先行一步 — 毕竟火药桶的失态很可能就来自于“天马快乐水”，而那是名流谷彩虹工厂的产品。
然后是羽蝶 — 帝国派往层云堡的官员，因其收购天气工厂的打算与喷火存在利益冲突，也自然有可能因此雇凶作案。更进一步，他的背后可能是花花短裤的势力。
即使是温柔善良的劳雷特·多芙小姐也不能排除嫌疑 — 多芙家族在层云堡的生意一直不温不火，最近在尝试进军水晶工业和彩虹工厂，但都比竞争者晚了一步。在之前的秘密会议前，破空与雾轨曾经看到她与喷火似乎进行了一场不太愉快的交流。也正是那次照面，她撞倒了破空，看到了关于“重返天空”计划的秘密文件。事实上，根据层云堡市政厅的记录，喷火遇刺前最后一个会面的对象就是劳雷特小姐。
总而言之，这份报告没能给出任何结论，反而让整个层云堡的各方势力都成为了被怀疑的对象。更有甚者，闪尘也在散布谣言，称喷火遇刺是破空与雾轨的夺权阴谋，想要借此机会将他们俩也拉下水。

[en.@desc]
After a month, Vapor Trail finally compiled the investigation results of the Sepal organization into a report and handed it to Sky Stinger. However, it was difficult to draw any conclusions from the report: no pony could escape suspicion.
Lightning Dust stood as the prime suspect. As leader of the Washouts and Short Fuse’s direct superior, she had not only motive but opportunity. Her suspiciously well-prepared campaign materials immediately following Spitfire’s assassination only deepened the cloud of suspicion around her.
Wind Rider ranked next - everypony knew the unscrupulous merchant’s insatiable greed. Though he'd already secured considerable influence, Spitfire’s proposed regulations against commercial monopolies had threatened his empire. The businesspony always hungered for more.
Then there’s the Sire’s Hollow — taking over the Rainbow Factory was part of the “Return to the Sky” plan. They may have heard it from the Chamber of Commerce and wanted to take action first — after all, Short Fuse’s outburst may have come from the influence of “Pegasus Joy Juice”, which is a product of the Sire’s Hollow Rainbow Factory.
Then came Feather Flatterfly, the Empire’s envoy to Stratusburg. His Weather Factory acquisition plans had clashed directly with Spitfire’s decisions. The diplomat might well have hired an assassin. Worse, he could be backed by Fancy Pants.
Even the gentle and kind Miss Laurette Dove cannot be cleared — the Dove family have been struggling about their enterprise recently. She had some unsuccessfully attempted expansions into crystal industry and Rainbow Factory, beaten to the punch by her competitors. Before the secret meeting, Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail saw her having an unpleasant conversation with Spitfire. It was also during that encounter that she knocked over Sky Stinger and saw the secret documents about the “Return to the Sky” plan. In fact, according to the records of the Stratusburg City Hall, the last pony Spitfire met before being shot was exactly Miss Laurette.
In summary, this report did not provide any conclusions, but instead made all factions in Stratusburg suspicious. Even more so, Lightning Dust is spreading rumors that Spitfire’s assassination is a power grab conspiracy by Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail, trying to drag them down too.

[zh.@o0]
扑朔迷离
[en.@o0]
So confusing
