[zh.@]
最后的降旗仪式
[en.@]
The Last Flag Lowering Ceremony

[zh.@desc]
在夕阳中，位于偶链群岛上的小马利亚海军完成了他们的最后一次降旗仪式。随着旗帜与太阳一同落下，小马利亚旧政权的最后一丝光线也随之淡去。当下一次太阳升起之时，这些坚守到最后的海军成员将会成为自由小马利亚的新公民。偶链群岛现已经正式被移交至自由小马利亚政府控制，自马政府同时也拥有了偶链群岛上完善的军事设施和一支规模不小的海军。这无疑会使得自由小马利亚的海上实力大增，并进一步控制露娜洋。

在小马利亚的历史上，皇家卫队（E.U.P.）、闪电天马队与天角兽公主是主要的防卫力量，而从未有过成规模的海军。在偶链群岛的这批海军，其实严格意义上来说并非小马利亚海军部队，其前身为小马利亚皇家军事学院，由从石柱阵中苏醒的长老闪电马格努斯担任校长。那时，油嘴滑舌两兄弟的洛马基度假村生意刚刚小有起色，他们开始在西小马利亚倒卖物资，引起了塞拉斯蒂娅公主的注意。随着公主一声令下，一批皇家卫队进驻瞭望塔。皇家军事学院也在那里建立了分部，并承担起皇家卫队的海运后勤工作。就这样，在南露娜洋的群岛上，少量皇家卫队老兵与教官，和许许多多可爱标记中都有着海军天赋的大量年轻学院，组成了这支名为“海军”的海运后勤部。

令马唏嘘的是，旧小马利亚政权倒台、瞭望塔的驻军解散时... 这批远驻偶链群岛的成员似乎被遗忘了。他们从未接到通知，只是随着工作一天比一天疑惑：为什么再也没有新的船只在码头停靠？为什么再也没有新的命令传达？偶链群岛资源贫瘠，失去了本土的物资供应后海军生活及其困难。他们甚至开始与海盗进行物资交换与合作... 直到洛马基与自由小马利亚的探险者们先后来到这片群岛，他们才终于意识到 —— 外界已经不再是过去他们所熟悉的那个小马利亚了。

几个月来，洛马基与自由小马利亚都开始为偶链群岛的海军提供生活帮助，并开出条件希望对方加入。看来，自由小马利亚最终赢得了这一竞赛，海军们已经得到新的安置。这一外交行动的成功无疑令自马国民信心大增，并可能在未来更加积极开展类似行动。至于洛马基，这场始料未及的失败严重挫伤了投资者的信心，油嘴滑舌正准备召开新闻发布会以应对损失巨大的股东的声讨。
[en.@desc]
In the dusk, the last flag lowering ceremony of the Equestria Navy took place on the Evenchain Isles. As the flag fell with the sun, the last shadow of the old Equestria regime finally faded away. When the next sun rises, these navy members who held on to the end will become the new citizens of Free Equestria. Now the Evenchain Isles have been officially transferred to the control of the Free Equestria government, which suddenly gained a well-equipped military facility and a considerable navy legacy. This will undoubtedly enhance the maritime power of Free Equestria greatly, making them further control the Luna Ocean.

In the history of Equestria, the Royal Guard (E.U.P.), the Wonderbolts, and the Alicorn Princesses were the main defense forces, and there has never been an organized navy. This so-called navy on the Evenchain Isles was not strictly a navy department of Equestria but rather a branch of the former Royal Military Academy of Equestria, led by the Pillar Flash Magnus woke up from the Ponehenge. At the time, the Flim and Flam Brothers had just started their Las Pegasus resort business and began circulating goods around Western Equestria, attracting the attention of Princess Celestia. With the Celestia’s order, a group of Royal Guards started to station at the Watch Tower. The Royal Military Academy also established a branch there and took over the maritime logistics of the Royal Guard. As a result, a small number of Royal Guard veterans and instructors, along with many young students with naval talents as their cutie marks, formed this maritime logistics department that is called “The Navy”.

What is a pity is that when the old Equestria regime fell and the garrison at the Watch Tower was disbanded... these members who were stationed on the Evenchain Isles seemed to be forgotten. They never received any notice, just growing more and more confused as the days went by: Why were there no new ships docking at the pier? Why were there no new orders being issued? The Evenchain Isles were resource-poor, and after losing the supply of goods from mainland, the navy life became difficult. They even started to exchange goods with pirates... This continued until Las Pegasus and Free Equestria explorers came to the isles one after another, and the sailors finally realized that the outside world was no longer the Equestria they were familiar with.

For several months, Las Pegasus and Free Equestria have both started to provide living assistance to the navy on the Evenchain Isles and made offers hoping they would join. It seems that Free Equestria has ultimately won this competition, and the navy members have been resettled. The success of this diplomatic action undoubtedly boosted the confidence of the Free Equestria citizens and may lead to more proactive actions in the future. As for Las Pegasus, this unexpected failure has severely damaged the confidence of investors, and the Flim and Flam Brothers are preparing to hold a press conference to respond to the outcry of the shareholders who suffered huge losses.
[zh.@o0]
祝顺风顺水
[en.@o0]
Fair winds and following seas...
