[zh.@]
盐糊城马拉松
[en.@]
Salt Lick City Marathon
[zh.@desc]
位于坎特洛特的小马利亚帝国国防部总部门外，一名从盐糊城前线撤下来的基层军官正在向坎特洛特高级军官汇报前线情况。这名基层军官衣衫不整，身上全是灰尘，后面跟着三五只同样邋遢的士兵小马，其中一只包扎了眼睛，一只包扎了一条腿，还有一只脖子上有着大片烧伤。
“当地的新闻媒体理应对外报道是这群赤色分子已经被我们包围并控制了起来，局势很快就会稳定。但电视台那群可恶的墙头草竟然把实际情况播报出去了。赤色分子... 他们的数量实在是太多了... 我们跑了许久，他们追了我们许久，直到现在我们的部下还在担惊受怕，以为那群赤色分子会从哪里突然跳出来呢。”
当这名基层军官叙述完的时候，他还在瑟瑟发抖。坎特洛特的高级军官看了看他狼狈的样子，挥了挥蹄，这名军官和他的几个部下被衣着整齐光鲜的坎特洛特卫兵带下去了。
“妈的。”那名高级军官小声嘟囔了一声，将口中的烟吐在地上，用蹄子踩灭，转头对他的副官说道：“看样子我们必须把这件事汇报女皇了，她现在在哪？”
“她在城堡大厅，正在处理国家大事，谁也不能打扰她。”副官回答。
军官顿时怒火中烧：“该死的，你和我一起去见女皇，她再处理她的国家大事，我们都得完蛋！”
[en.@desc]
Outside the headquarters of the Equestria Empire Ministry of Defence in Canterlot, a junior officer who withdrew from the Salt Lick City front line was reporting the situation on the front line to senior military officers in Canterlot. The junior officer was disheveled, covered in dust, followed by three or five equally shabby soldiers, one of them bandaged her eyes, one bandaged her leg, and one had a large burn on her neck.
“The local news media should have reported to the outside world that this group of reds has been surrounded and controlled by us, and the situation will soon stabilize. But those damn turncoats at the TV station reported the actual situation. The reds... There are too many of them... We ran for a long time, they chased us for a long time, and now our subordinates are still worried, thinking that the reds will suddenly jump out from where.”
When the junior officer finished his account, he was still trembling. The senior military officer in Canterlot looked at his embarrassed appearance, waved his hoof, and the officer and his several subordinates were taken away by the neatly dressed Canterlot guards.
“Damn it.” The senior officer muttered softly, spit out the cigarette in his mouth, stomped it out with his hoof, turned his head and said to his deputy: “It looks like we have to report this to the Empress, where is she now?”
“She is in the castle hall, dealing with national affairs. No one is allowed to disturb her.” The deputy replied.
The officer was suddenly furious: “Damn it, you and I will go see the Empress. If she keeps on dealing with national affairs, we are all done!”
[zh.@o0]
无足轻重，只是十万火急
[en.@o0]
Not serious, merely desperate
