[zh.@]
日志 II.1
[en.@]
Log II.1

[zh.@desc]
• 2月2日
研究记录6：语音录入测试。是我独自在山洞里面待太久的缘故，还是孤独的缘故？我才注意到自己在越来越多地对着镜子中的自己说话，好像墙的那边不是镜像而是一个真正的世界一样。等一下... 我好像还从来没有这样想过... 啊，我真是一个傻子，我刚刚竟然突然对着墙大喊了一句：“你在吗？对面的我？你在的话就回应我一声。” 被我自己蠢笑了，当然，我只听到了自己的回音。看来还是太孤独了，有时间我要多出去走走。
• 2月3日
研究记录7：其实... 如果真的把墙的那一边当做一个§2与我们完全镜像的世界§!... 那似乎一切都能说得通了。完美的硬度和反射，是因为钻头和光线都并未撞到什么坚硬的墙，而只是撞到了另一个自己。两个东西完全一样坚硬，自然就只能碎掉。光线也只能反射回来。摩擦也是这样，一模一样的物体沿着这个不存在的平面做平行运动，那就相当于是同一个物体在运动，自然不会存在摩擦力。抗磁性也可以得到解释了，是两个磁铁在同极排斥... 哇哦！真是一个大胆而有趣的猜想！
• 2月4日
研究记录8：我发现自己甚至没有办法能够区分另一个世界和镜子，§2无论我做什么，另一个世界都会完全模仿我的行为§!。即使我抛掷硬币无数次，两边的结果也都是相同的。求求你了，对面的我，如果你真的存在的话，如果你能听到我说话，做点和我不同的事吧。
• 2月5日
研究记录9：我的症状好像越来越严重了，今天我在对着墙，或者平面，自言自语的时候，被路过的麒麟矿工听到了。太羞耻了。他没有说话，也许只是不能说，否则... 啊——我真的好想找一个缝隙钻进去。等一下，我真的是愚蠢。即使对面真的是另一个我，那么既然两个世界完全对称，§2我心里想什么，她心里也会想相同的事情§!，那么我们根本不需要说话，只需要在心中想就可以了... 而我也会立即知道她在想什么，因为我也一定在想相同的东西。冰淇淋！天空！静默溪！小马！呐，她应该也在突然想这些东西。总之，及时对面是一个与我们完全相同的世界，这又有什么用呢？我们永远只会做一样的事，我们将永远没法沟通。

[en.@desc]
- February 2
Research log 6: Voice input test. Is it because I have been in the cave for too long, or because of loneliness? I just noticed that I am talking more and more to myself in the mirror, as if the other side of the wall is not a mirror image but a real world. Wait... I seem to have never thought of it this way... Ah, I’m such a fool, I just suddenly shouted at the wall: “Are you there? Me on the other side? If you are there, respond to me.” I laughed at myself’s stupidity then, of course. I only heard my own echo. It seems that I’v been alone for too long, I should go out more when I have time.
- February 3
Research log 7: Actually... If the other side of the wall is really considered as §2a world that is completely mirrored to us§!... then everything seems to make sense. The perfect hardness and reflection are because the drill bit and the light rays did not touch a hard wall but ran into another self. Two identical objects are equally hard, so when they collide, they naturally break. So does the light reflect back. Friction is the same, two identical objects move parallel along this non-material plane, which is equivalent to the same object moving, so there is naturally no friction. The diamagnetism can also be explained, it is the repulsion of two magnets with the same pole... Wow! What a bold and interesting guess!
- February 4
Research log 8: I found that I can’t even distinguish between another world and a mirror, §2no matter what I do, the other world will completely mimic my actions§!. Even if I toss a coin countless times, the results on both sides are the same. Please, me on the other side, if you really exist, if you can hear me talking, do something different from me. For our favor.
- February 5
Research log 9: My condition is getting worse. Today when I was talking to the wall, or the plane, a passing Kirin miner heard me. So embarrassing. He didn’t say anything, maybe only because he can’t talk, otherwise, ... Ahhhhh! I really wish there was a crack on the ground I can hide into. Wait a minute, I’m really stupid! Even if the other side is really another me, then since the two worlds are completely symmetrical, §2what I think in my mind, she will also think the same thing§!. So we don’t need to talk at all, we just need to think in our minds... and I will immediately know what she is thinking, because I must be thinking the same thing. Ice cream! Sky! Stream of Silence! Ponies! Hey, she should be thinking about these things suddenly. Anyway, even if the other side is a world that is completely identical to us, what’s the use? We will always do the same thing, and we will never be able to communicate.


[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m Done

[zh.@o1]
下一页
[en.@o1]
Next Page
