[zh.@]
寻找石青派
[en.@]
Searching for Limestone
[zh.@desc]
当苹果鲁萨宣布脱离大洛克维尔时，整个国家的士兵似乎都没有收到来自石青派的命令，或许没有小马愿意看到俩家族之间的内战，不过，越来越多的苹果派家族成员在此过程中加入了小萍花对俩姐妹城堡的进军，他们只是希望石青派能给一个说法，对她之前所有行为的一个合理的解释，但是什么也没有，俩姐妹城堡一片死寂。现在，小萍花与玉琪派再次漫步在俩姐妹城堡的大厅中，夺取俩姐妹城堡的过程没有再发生什么流血事件，玉琪派早早的在大门处迎接她们的到来，其他的政客们此刻只要保持安静的坐着就能保证安全。小萍花带着忐忑的心理再次推开石青派办公室的门，但她只能在这个空荡的房间内找到满地狼藉。

不过眼下的当务之急是处理石青派留下的烂摊子，家族成员们召开了一个简要的家族会议，小萍花被推举为临时的新领袖，并由她负责政务的处理。大部分城堡内的政客很快就官复原职，只是将军们还没小马知道该怎么处理，于是小萍花让他们先都回家了，就算这些将军想去投奔不知所踪的石青派，小萍花也“悉听尊便”。虽然之前在石青派那里没有学到太多，不过小萍花仍然尝试处理着这几天堆积如山的事情。除了石青派的下落，小萍花最关心的还有能否得到小马利亚的支持，非法侵占的土地正在商讨该如何被返还，前线的士兵们终于可以放下蹄中的武器。
[en.@desc]
When Appleloosa declared its separation from Great Rockville, it seemed as if the nation’s soldiers had received no orders from Limestone Pie. Perhaps no ponies wished to see a civil war between the two families.

Yet, more and more members of the Apple Pie family joined Apple Bloom in her advance toward the sisters’ castle. They only wanted Limestone Pie to provide an explanation — a reasonable account of her previous actions. But there was nothing. The castle of the sisters remained utterly silent.

Now, Apple Bloom and Marble Pie once again walked through the halls of the sisters’ castle. No bloodshed had occurred during the takeover; Marble Pie had already come to the main gate to greet them. The other politicians merely had to sit quietly to ensure their own safety.

With a nervous heart, Apple Bloom pushed open the door to Limestone Pie’s office once more — only to find the room empty and in disarray.

For now, the most pressing matter was cleaning up the mess left behind by Limestone Pie. The family members held a brief council, and Apple Bloom was elected the temporary new leader, tasked with handling official affairs.

Most of the politicians within the castle soon returned to their positions. Only the generals were uncertain how to proceed. Apple Bloom told them to go home for the time being. Even if some wanted to seek out the now-missing Limestone Pie, Apple Bloom left it to their discretion.

Although she had learned little under Limestone Pie, Apple Bloom still tried to deal with the mountain of accumulated issues over the past few days. Beyond Limestone Pie’s whereabouts, her main concerns were whether she could gain Equestria's support, how illegally seized lands would be returned, and finally allowing the frontline soldiers to lay down their weapons.

[zh.@o0]
她会在哪里呢
[en.@o0]
Where is she?


