[zh.@]
秘密会议 · 下
[en.@]
The Conclave · II

[zh.@desc]
天气工厂，彩虹工厂，与闪电天马学院 —— 这三个地方有着数量最多的退役闪电天马在工作，如今这三个地区名义上分属名流谷、云中城与层云堡。破空提议，即使层云堡如今无法直面帝国，对付云中城与名流谷边界的民兵则是一件轻而易举的事情。如果层云堡可以通过突然袭击夺取这些地方，帝国得知后也将为时已晚。更别说帝国的军队都被牵制在东线，没有理由会派兵前来管这些辖区之间的内部矛盾。与此同时，层云堡也可以借机彻底铲除盘踞在独角山脉的“淘汰者”，稳固廷马克图的水晶矿区。
而后，破空继续建议道，层云堡控制了这三个地区，就真正有机会集结几乎所有曾经的闪电天马队成员，重建一支整个小马利亚无可匹敌的空中力量。闪电天马将重返天空！随后，破空与雾轨分别展示了一些详细的分析，对于帝国的军队部署，边境的民兵力量，以及坎特洛特的态度推演等... 他们也询问了层云堡其他方面的意见，乘风和商业委员会也表示强烈同意，愿意出资和招揽计划成员 —— 当然不是因为乘风的前闪电天马队员身份，而只是他希望能将廷马克图水晶工业的生意做到帝国的辖区去。
最终，这一计划被定名为“重返天空”计划，而闪电天马队将在近期开始集结以支撑这一计划的推进。

[en.@desc]
Weather Factory, Rainbow Factory, and the Wonderbolts Academy — these three locations have the highest number of retired Wonderbolts working there, and are now nominally under the jurisdiction of Sire’s Hollow, Cloudsdale, and Stratusburg separately. Sky Stinger proposed that even if Stratusburg cannot openly challenge the Empire at this time, dealing with the militia along the borders of Cloudsdale and Sire’s Hollow would be an easy task. If Stratusburg could seize these areas in a surprise attack, the Empire would learn of it too late to react. Besides, with the Empire’s forces tied up on the eastern front, there’s no reason they would send troops to intervene in these “disputes between internal districts”. Meanwhile, Stratusburg could take this opportunity to completely eliminate the Washouts entrenched in the Unicorn Mountain Range and secure the crystal mining areas in Timbucktu.
Sky Stinger then continued, suggesting that if Stratusburg successfully took control of these three regions, we would have a real chance to gather nearly all former Wonderbolt members and rebuild an unmatched aerial force across all of Equestria. The Wonderbolts would finally return to the sky! After that, Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail presented some detailed analyses on the Empire’s troop deployments, the militia forces along the borders, and the possible reactions from Canterlot... They also sought opinions from other aspects of Stratusburg, and Wind Rider agreed enthusiastically, expressing willingness to fund and recruit members for the plan — not because of his past as a Wonderbolt, but simply because he wanted to expand the business of the Timbucktu Crystal Industry into the Empire’s territory.
In the end, this plan was named “Return to the Sky”, and the Wonderbolts would soon begin to gather to support its implementation.

[zh.@o0]
行动开始
[en.@o0]
Mission Start
