[en.@NAME]
Starlight Glimmer
[zh.@NAME]
星光熠熠

[zh.@DESC]
星光熠熠的过去与现在仿佛处于两个不同的时空，在过去，她是平等镇的残酷独裁者，为了实现自己的“平等”而毫不犹豫给镇民们带去了痛苦，还差点制造了一场毁灭世界的危机。而现在，她是暮光闪闪最为器重的学生与最好的伙伴，前友谊学院的辅导员以及抵抗军当之无愧的领导者。但无论她是什么身份，熟悉星光熠熠的小马都能看出她是一名理想主义者，只要是星光熠熠认为正确的目标，那么她就会毫不犹豫地朝着那个方向努力。而她强大的、寻遍整个小马利亚都难出其二的魔法天赋，则成了她实现理想的强大助力。
在终末之战后，星光熠熠成功逃脱了和煦光流的追捕并辗转来到了平等镇，这里位于帝国边陲，位置偏僻，是藏身的绝佳地点。星光熠熠安顿下来后，便马不停蹄地开始了根据地的建设，她以平等镇为核心，团结起了镇民，召集了周边小马，宣告了“星光抵抗军”的成立，开始号召小马们起来反对并推翻和煦光流伪帝国的统治。
随着时间的推移，星光熠熠也联系上了曾经的好友——无序和余晖烁烁，他们都在以自己的方式反击帝国的统治。但令星光熠熠伤心的是，自己曾经的挚友特丽克西已经臣服于和煦光流的统治。同时，阵线内部也还有许多问题函待解决，而帝国对阵线的敌意开始与日俱增，越来越多的部队被布置到边境，冲突一触即发。星光熠熠明白，留给自己的时间已经不多了。
每当星光熠熠感到困难时，她就会回忆起与暮光闪闪，与特丽克西，与伙伴们的点点滴滴。她会回忆起暮光闪闪曾经的教导：“别再牵挂那段失败的过去，想象还有很多美好的未来在等着你。”是的，前路漫漫但并非绝境，这不只是星光熠熠一马的抗争，这是全小马利亚，每一匹处于压迫之下的小马的抗争！无论自己成功与否，至少小马们明白光明仍在。终有一日，笼罩天空的乌云将被驱散，寒冷的大地将会回暖，一缕友谊的阳光将穿破黑暗，重新照耀小马利亚的每一片土地。
[en.@DESC]
The current Starlight Glimmer is nothing like the one from the past. In the past, she was a cruel dictator of the Our Town, who brought pain to the residents in the name of “equality” and almost caused a world-ending crisis. Now, she is the most trusted student and best friend of Twilight Sparkle, the former counselor of the School of Friendship, and the leader of the Starlight Resistance. But no matter what her identity is, those who are familiar with Starlight Glimmer can tell that she is an idealist. As long as she believes in a goal, she will strive towards it without hesitation. Her powerful magic talent, which is second to none in all of Equestria, has become a powerful aid in achieving her ideals.
After the Ultimate Battle, Starlight Glimmer successfully escaped the pursuit of Cozy Glow and came to Our Town, which is located on the border of the Empire and is a remote location, making it an excellent hiding place. After settling down, Starlight Glimmer immediately began to build a base, using Our Town as the core, uniting the residents, gathering the surrounding ponies, and declaring the establishment of the “Starlight Resistance”, calling on the ponies to rise up against and overthrow the illegal empire of Cozy Glow.
As time passed, Starlight Glimmer also contacted her former friends — Discord and Sunset, who were fighting against the Empire in their own ways. But what saddened Starlight Glimmer was that her former friend Trixie had already submitted to the rule of Cozy Glow. At the same time, there were still many problems within the Front that needed to be resolved, and the Empire’s hostility towards the Front was increasing day by day, with more and more troops being deployed to the border, and conflict was imminent. Starlight Glimmer understood that she didn’t have much time left.
Whenever Starlight Glimmer felt difficult, she would recall the moments with Twilight Sparkle, with Trixie, and with her friends. She would recall the teachings of Twilight Sparkle: “When one journey ended it led us here, but just imagine all the other good things that are out there waiting for you if you just give them a chance.” Yes, the road ahead is long but not impassable. This is not just Starlight Glimmer’s struggle, but the struggle of all of Equestria, every pony under oppression! Whether she succeeds or not, at least the ponies understand that the light is still there. One day, the dark clouds that shroud the sky will be dispelled, the cold earth will warm up, and a ray of friendship’s sunlight will pierce the darkness, shining on every corner of Equestria.
