[zh.@]
绝密行动
[en.@]
Top Secret Mission
[zh.@desc]
小马利亚帝国特工走进了云中城的一家酒吧，这将是她在云中城任务的第一天。她的目标有两个：一是调查呆蹄领主的性格、习性以及民意基础，二是记录云中城民众对待帝国的态度并标记反对势力。
她刚刚成为秩序部的特工不久，但她也十分努力上进：将近三个月的时间，她学习了云中城小马的口音、背诵了云中城最喜欢的运动比赛知识、并且为自己打造了完整的背景：她将伪装成一只普通的云中城小马，生长于一个贫困的家庭，十分感恩呆蹄领主发放的免费马芬；刚刚从云中城的学校毕业，现在正在寻找一份工作。

她走到酒吧，坐在吧台，点了一杯苹果酒，观察了一下四周便开始与酒保搭话：“呆蹄领主真好啊！我可爱死那些免费的马芬了！真应该让她取代和煦光流来当帝国女皇，你说对吧？”
酒保停下了动作，疑惑地而又警惕地看着这位特工。酒吧中也一下安静了下来，所有原来在聊天的小马都停下了看向了这位特工。
我的语气有问题吗？不应该啊？特工感到疑惑又恐慌，她赶忙开始补充：“我只是说，云中城真好啊！出生在云中城，我觉得十分幸运！不是吗？” 然而，整个酒吧还是没有反应，安静地看着她，表情非常严肃，甚至有些敌意。

等等... 也许是情报有误？特工在接到任务前收到的情报是云中城的民众大多拥戴领主呆蹄并对帝国抱有敌意，但现在看来，这些情报似乎有些不对劲。也许，云中城民众非常热爱帝国和和煦光流女皇？
试探性地，她开始问：“哦当然，我只是开个玩笑。我当然不是说和煦光流女皇做的不好，女皇也是很伟大的，能够任命这么好的领主，真是太英明了！”
这下，酒保和酒吧中的小马们都露出了笑容，气氛也变得轻松了许多。特工松了口气，喝了一口苹果酒。

酒保走到她身边：“额... 虽然这样有点打击你的自信，但一进门我们就知道你是帝国的特工了... 不过，你的云中城口音还是不错的。”
听到这话，特工全身一震，她的背景故事、口音、甚至她的喜好都是为了伪装成云中城的小马，但没想到她的身份就这么被识破了，究竟是哪里出了问题？她的结局会是什么？她望向四周，酒吧中的小马都在自顾自地聊天，没有小马再关心她。
她带着恐惧，小声地问：“你们... 是怎么看出来的？”
酒保看着她，笑了笑：“放轻松，我们没兴趣揭露你的身份，也不关心你来做什么任务。只是... 下次注意吧，这里都是天马，就你一只陆马身上捆着这么多气球有点太显眼了。小姑娘别绷的太紧张了，坐下来两个马芬？我再给你上一杯苹果酒，酒钱我来付。”
[en.@desc]
An Equestria Empire secret agent walked into a bar in Cloudsdale, this would be her first day of the mission in Cloudsdale. She had two goals: one was to investigate the character, habits, and public opinion base of Duchess Derpy, and the other was to record the attitude of the Cloudsdale ponies towards the Empire and mark the opposition forces.
She had just become a secret agent of the EEMO not long ago, but she was also very hardworking: in only three months, she learned the accent of the Cloudsdale ponies, memorized the knowledge of the favorite sports events in Cloudsdale, and created a complete background for herself: she would disguise herself as an ordinary Cloudsdale pony, born in a poor family, very grateful for the free muffins distributed by Duchess Derpy; just graduated from the school in Cloudsdale, now looking for a job.

She walked into the bar, sat at the bar, ordered a glass of apple cider, observed around and started chatting with the bartender: “Duchess Derpy is so nice! I love those free muffins! She should really replace Empress Cozy Glow to be the Empress, don’t you think so?”
The bartender stopped and looked at the agent with confusion and vigilance. The bar also quieted down, and all the ponies who were chatting stopped and looked at the agent.
Did I say something wrong? It shouldn’t be? The agent felt confused and panicked, and she quickly tried to add: “Sorry, I just mean, Cloudsdale is so nice! Born in Cloudsdale, I feel so lucky! Right?” However, the whole bar still had no response, looking at her quietly, with a very serious expression, even a little hostile.

Wait... Maybe the intelligence was wrong? The intelligence the agent received before the mission was that most of the Cloudsdale ponies worshiped Duchess Derpy and were hostile to the Empire, but now it seems that this intelligence is a bit wrong. Maybe the Cloudsdale ponies love the Empire and Empress Cozy Glow very much?
Tentatively, she began to try: “Oh, of course, I was just joking. I certainly didn’t mean that Empress Cozy Glow did a bad job, the Empress is also very great, appointing such a good Duchess, it’s really wise!”
This time, the bartender and the ponies in the bar all smiled, and the atmosphere became much more relaxed. The agent breathed a sigh of relief and took a sip of apple cider.

The bartender walked up to her: “Emm... Although this is a bit of a blow to your confidence, we knew you were a special agent of the Empire as soon as you walked in... But to your credit, your Cloudsdale accent is not bad.”
Hearing this, the agent shivered all over. She completed her background story, accent, and even her preferences to disguise herself as a Cloudsdale pony, she didn’t expect her identity to be exposed this quickly, what went wrong? What will be her ending? She looked around, the ponies in the bar were chatting to themselves, no pony cared about her anymore.
She asked in a low voice with fear: “How... did you know?”
The bartender looked at her and smiled: “Relax, we are not interested in revealing your identity, nor do we care about what mission you are here for. Just... be careful next time, everypony here is a pegasus, you are the only earth pony with so many balloons tied to you, it’s a bit too conspicuous. Don’t be too nervous little girl, sit down and have some muffins? I’ll give you another glass of apple cider, drinks on me.”
[zh.@o0]
额...
[en.@o0]
Emm...
