[zh.@]
马哈顿是小马利亚唯二的超级都市，早在不知道几百年前，小马谷甚至还没有发展成村镇的时候，这里就已经是繁华的市集了。钢筋混凝土的建筑技术兴起后，这里的富商立即将那些茅草屋、木制建筑与小平方换成了高耸入云的摩天大楼。即使是在塞拉斯蒂娅公主的统治下，马哈顿也有着相当大的自主性：他们发达的经济让这里成为财富的中心，以至于连公主做出决定时有时也不得不考虑对这里经济的影响。
不过，马哈顿的经济地位在终末之战后一落千丈，并非因为公主的离开，而是马哈顿的封闭。在终末之战后不到半年，“幽灵列车”事故就堵塞了马哈顿与小马利亚大陆的唯一铁路，马哈顿成为了一座孤悬在大陆上的海岛城市。很快，原有的政府在失去中央政权的武力保护下陷落，马哈顿成为了黑帮混战的战场。
马哈顿的混乱没有持续太久，外来者乐善在这里组建的黑帮“乐善集团”在众多势力中脱颖而出，短短几个月内就统一了马哈顿的地下世界。在马哈顿重新对外开放后，乐善顺利得到了和煦光流的青睐，从黑社会摇身一变成为了拥有官方权力背景的“民选的马哈顿自由市市长”。乐善依靠马哈顿曾经经济中心的遗产，组建了“马哈顿商业联盟”，将许多尚处于混乱中的东小马利亚城市也纳入了自己的势力范围。虽然马哈顿再也未能恢复到战前的繁荣，但政、商、黑三方权力聚集于乐善一身，他对马哈顿的未来规划让他的黑帮成员们对未来充满了信心。只不过，马哈顿的第二个春天与那些街道上的平民已经再无关系了。

[en.@]
Manehattan is one of the only two super cities in Equestria. Even before the development of Ponyville, it was already a bustling market. When the technology of reinforced concrete construction rose, the wealthy merchants here immediately replaced those thatched houses and wooden buildings with towering skyscrapers. Even under the rule of Princess Celestia, Manehattan has considerable autonomy: their developed economy makes it the center of wealth, so that even the princess has to consider the impact on the economy here when making decisions.
However, Manehattan’s economic status plummeted after the Ultimate Battle, not because of the absence of the princess, but because of the lockdown of Manehattan. In less than half a year after the Ultimate Battle, the “Ghost Train” accident blocked the only railway between Manehattan and the Equestria mainland, making Manehattan a sea island city hanging alone on the mainland. Soon, the original government collapsed without the central power protection, and Manehattan became a battlefield for gang warfare.
The chaos in Manehattan did not last long. The gang “Gladmane Group” established by the outsider Gladmane stood out among many forces, and unified the underground world of Manehattan in just a few months. After Manehattan was reopened to the outside world, Gladmane easily gained the favor of Cozy Glow, and transformed from a mafia into the “Elected Mayor of the Manehattan Autonomous City” with official power background. Relying on the legacy of the former economic center of Manehattan, Gladmane established the “Manehattan Business Alliance” and incorporated many of the chaotic cities in eastern Equestria into his sphere of influence. Although Manehattan never returned to its pre-war prosperity, with the three powers combined: political, capitalist, and mafia, all in his hooves, his future plans for Manehattan filled his gang members with confidence. Sadly, the second spring of Manehattan has nothing to do with the civilians on the streets anymore.
