[zh.@]
鲜花凋敝之处
[en.@]
Where Flowers Wither
[zh.@desc]
“你来了，秋烨。” 雨晴站在审讯室内，转过身来面对着刚刚走进来的秋烨。也许是出于对前领袖的尊重，警卫并没有选择给她带上镣铐。
“领袖，我已经看过您的日志了。所以说，是为了那个世界吗？您所做的一切行为，组织俱乐部、篡改统计数据、走私稚马之息——”
“我没有走私，我只是按照约定将稚马之息提供给了对面的世界。” 雨晴打断了秋烨的话。
“我相信您，领袖。但是，您为什么要这么做？” 秋烨不解地看着面前的前领袖。

“‘我会尽我所能调停冲突，避免无谓的伤亡。’ 秋烨，我还记得，当时你是这样说的。” 雨晴看着秋烨，像是回到了继任的那个下午。
“我尽我所能在调停两个世界的冲突，因为，他们也是我们啊。” 雨晴停顿了一下，像是在哽咽，随后继续解释道：“他们比我们早一年多进行了气象观测，结果就是你现在看到的那份报告。我们从未篡改报告，只是拿报告来自另一个世界。他们那个世界的气候比我们还要寒冷的多，风之魔已经吞噬了独角兽仙境，正在包围麒麟社群并即将摧毁他们的家园。所以我才要动用职权接触青草和科学局，帮助他们进行紧急御寒研究。”
“终末之战前，从塞拉斯蒂娅那里回来后，我得知冲突与不和谐就是加剧风之魔活动的源头。他们由于缺乏稚马之息，对静默溪水的使用也不多，逆麟率远高于我们。所以我才安排繁花将稚马之息提供给他们。”
“你所抓捕的千界之门成员，他们的“死亡”也并非档案篡改，而是他们就来自于那个世界。这个世界的他们发生了不幸的意外，他们就跨过通道来补充，帮助两个世界之间保持联系。”

沉默良久，雨晴像是再次回到了那个下午，当时她讲一支稚马之息赠予秋烨，并轻轻地对秋烨说：
“我已经犯下了无可挽回的错误，无论做什么也不能赎清我的罪孽。对不起，秋烨。”
曾经秋烨以为这是指‘静默’，而如今，她才理解，这是指通道与千界之门。
[en.@desc]
“Here you are, Autumn Blaze.” Rain Shine stood inside the interrogation room, turning around to face Autumn Blaze who had just walked in. Perhaps out of respect for the former leader, the guards did not choose to hoofcuff her.
“Leader, I have read your logbooks. So, you did everything for the other world? Organizing the club, tampering with the statistics, smuggling foal’s breath —”
“I didn’t smuggle, I just provided foal’s breath to the other world as agreed.” Rain Shine interrupted Autumn Blaze.
“I believe you, Leader. But, why? Why did you do all these?” Autumn Blaze looked at the former leader in confusion.

“‘I will do my best to mediate the conflict and avoid unnecessary casualties.’ Autumn Blaze, I still remember, that’s what you said back then.” Rain Shine looked at Autumn Blaze, as if she had returned to that afternoon of succession.
“I did my best to mediate the conflict between the two worlds, because, they are us too.” Rain Shine paused for a moment, as if choking, and then continued to explain: “They conducted meteorological observations more than a year earlier than us, and the result is the report you see now. We have never tampered with the report but only brought the report from the other world. The climate in their world is much colder than ours, and the Windigo has already devoured their Unicornia, sieging their commune, ready to destroy their homeland at any time. So I used my influence to contact Grass-Green and the Science Bureau to help them conduct emergency cold protection research.”
“After returning from Celestia, before the Ultimate Battle, I learned that conflict and disharmony were the source of the intensified Windigo activity. Due to the lack of foal’s breath and lesser use of Stream of Silence, the Niriks rate was much higher than ours. That’s why I arranged Blossom Burst to provide foal’s breath to them.”
“The members of Culanika Lokadhātu that you arrested, their ‘deaths’ were not a file tampering either. They came from the other world. Those memebers in our world died in accidents, and they crossed the tunnel to voluntarily help maintain contact between the two worlds.”

After a long silence, Rain Shine seemed to return to that afternoon again, when she gave a foal’s breath to Autumn Blaze and gently said to Autumn Blaze:
“I have made an irreparable mistake, and nothing can clear my sins. I’m sorry, Autumn Blaze.”
Autumn Blaze once thought it was about ‘Silence’, but now she understood that it was about the tunnel and Culanika Lokadhātu.

[zh.@o0]
这不是罪孽
[en.@o0]
This is not a sin
