[zh.@]
与布雷本的会面
[en.@]
Meeting with Braeburn
[zh.@desc]
随着汽笛声响，躁动的火车逐渐平息，火车们刚一打开，便看到一个牛仔打扮的雄驹抖擞着精神，朝着他们露出十二分的微笑，那只名叫布雷本的雄驹说道：“欢迎来到苹果鲁萨，我的好亲戚们！苹果家族的小马们，让我们唱起来！”
话音刚落，一支苹果家族的小乐队便开始自顾自的演唱起来苹果家族的经典曲目，布雷本将脸扭了过去，面朝着他的小乐队继续保持着微笑，大喊着：“干得好，小马们！”，一边又对石灰派低声的说道：“我已经加强安保和排查了，可西光辉的走狗想靠近我们没那么容易。”
石灰派打量着他的脸庞，比起几年前的初次相见，他多了一分苍老，刚才的微笑里也蕴含着一丝虚假和哀伤，无论是派家族的小马还是苹果家族的小马在这些黑暗岁月里都像大海上的孤舟般风雨飘摇，但石灰派没有点破这一点。

欢迎仪式结束后，石灰派和布雷本等一众小马向着自治领的行政楼走去，一个黑白的画像引起了玉琪派的注意，随后泪水控制不住的从她的眼角滴落，她曾经也喜欢上了一匹苹果鲁萨的公马，可她一直不敢表明自己的心意，以至于让一匹来自遥远平等镇的雌驹从她的心中夺走了他，他已经在一场离奇的事故中消失的无影无踪，但玉琪派细腻的心底仍然有着微小的挂念。 
到了傍晚，石灰派带领着采石农场的代表团和布雷本代表的苹果鲁萨进行了磋商，一系列更深层次的互助条约被签订或续签，两大家族甚至还商谈了未来合并的可能性。但这肯定会引起小马利亚帝国的警觉和反对，所以不能贸然行事。同时还有洛马基，这对臭名昭著的兄弟和苹果家族有着复杂的关系，俩兄弟的脑海中一定构思了无数种方案来控制采石农场和苹果鲁萨，如果采石农场和苹果鲁萨完全的联合起来封锁洛马基的贸易往来，将是洛马基完全不可接受的。
[en.@desc]
As the train whistles faded, the restless trains gradually settled, and as soon as the doors opened, they were greeted by an energetic cowboy-dressed stallion, beaming a broad smile at them. The stallion, named Braeburn, exclaimed, “Welcome to Appaloosa, my good kinfolk! Let’s sing it out, Apple family folks!”
With his face turned towards his band, Braeburn continued to smile broadly, shouting, “Well done, folks!” to them, before whispering to Maud Pie, “I’ve strengthened security and surveillance. Cozy Glow’s lackeys won’t find it easy to get close to us.”
Maud Pie scrutinized his face; compared to their first meeting years ago, he seemed a bit older now, and his previous smile held a hint of falsity and sorrow. Whether Pie family ponies or Apple family ponies, they all drifted like lone boats on a stormy sea in these dark times, but Maud Pie didn’t acknowledge this.

After the welcome ceremony, Maud Pie, Braeburn, and other ponies headed towards the administrative building of the autonomous territory. A black-and-white portrait caught Marble Pie’s attention, and tears uncontrollably streamed down her cheeks. She had once fallen for an Appleloosa stallion but never dared to express her feelings. It led to a mare from the distant town of Equality winning his heart, and he vanished without a trace in a mysterious accident. Yet, Marble Pie’s delicate heart still harbored a small pang of regret.
By evening, Maud Pie led a delegation from the quarry farm and Braeburn’s representatives from Appleloosa in negotiations. A series of deeper mutual assistance treaties were signed or renewed, and the possibility of future mergers between the two prominent families was even discussed. However, this would surely raise alarms and opposition from the Equestria Empire, so caution was necessary. Additionally, there were the Las Pegasus, the notorious brothers with complex ties to the Apple family. The brothers surely had devised countless schemes to control both the rock farm and Appleloosa. If the quarry farm and Appaloosa were to join forces to Las Pegasus’s trade routes completely, it would be utterly unacceptable for Las Pegasus.
[zh.@o0]
谁也不能拆散两个家族的纽带
[en.@o0]
Bond between the two families must not be broken
