[zh.@]
淘汰者巡回演出
[en.@]
The Washouts Tour

[zh.@desc]
新元年刚过没多久的一个下午，喷火的办公室大门突然被撞开，三只穿着飞行服带着头盔的天马冲了进来，后面跟着的是惊慌失措的保安。
“你们最好有重要的事情要说。” 喷火厌恶地挥了挥蹄子，示意保安退下。
领头的天马摘下头盔，是“淘汰者”飞行杂技表演队的队长闪尘，跟在两侧的则是滚雷与火药桶，他们是“淘汰者”的核心成员。“淘汰者”飞行杂技表演队大多是被闪电天马队开除的前学员或前队员，而且被开除的原因不能是能力不足，而是危险飞行或者不合群。他们自诩是“最具有天赋的天马”，不愿被闪电天马队迂腐的规则束缚，于是自行组建了“淘汰者”飞行杂技表演队。

“新元年快乐？喷火领长？” 闪尘带着颇有嘲笑的口吻飞到桌前，滚雷与火药桶则来到桌子两边将喷火围在中间。喷火没做任何回应，甚至没有摘下她的墨镜。
“醒醒，老东西！我们有帝国秩序部的批准，要在层云堡办一场庆祝新元年的巡回演出！” 闪尘重重地拍了一下桌子，将喷火桌面上的报告震得散落一地。“或许都算不上巡回，层云堡这种小地方，一场演出就够了。” 滚雷跟着嘲讽道。

喷火扫了扫桌子上的文件，看到桌子上已经被闪尘砸出了一个凹痕，她便直接没好气地回应：“你们巡回演出的门票钱得拿来赔偿这张桌子。至于多余的部分 — 你们自己掏钱赔吧。”
见到喷火暗示自己的演出挣不到门票钱，闪尘轻蔑地笑了一声，向滚雷使了个眼色转身离开。滚雷拍下巡回演出海报和两枚水晶钻石放在桌上，似有嫉妒般打量着喷火，就带着火药桶离开了办公室。

[en.@desc]
One afternoon shortly after Jahr Null, Spitfire’s office door was suddenly kicked open, and three pegasi in flight suits and helmets rushed in, followed by a panicked security guard.
“You’d better have something important to say.” Spitfire waved her hoof in disgust, gesturing for the security guard to leave.
The lead pegasus took off his helmet, revealing herself to be Lightning Dust, the captain of the Washouts, with Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse, the core members, on either side. The Washouts are mostly former Wonderbolts Academy students or Wobderbolts who were expelled. And only those expelled for non-ability reasons, such as dangerous flying or not fitting in. They consider themselves the “most talented pegasi” and do not want to be bound by the outdated rules of the Wonderbolts, so they formed the Washouts themselves.

“Happy Jahr Null, Spitfire?” Lightning Dust flew to the desk with a mocking tone, while Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse came to either side of the desk, surrounding Spitfire in the middle. Spitfire made no response, not even taking off her sunglasses.
“Wake up, you old hag! We have the approval of EEMD to hold a touring show celebrating Jahr Null in Stratusburg!” Lightning Dust slammed the table hard, scattering Spitfire’s reports all over the floor. “Or maybe it’s not even a tour. Stratusburg is such a small place, one show is enough.” Rolling Thunder followed with a sneer.

Spitfire swept the already scattered documents off the table, and saw that the table had been dented by Lightning Dust’s slam. She responded directly without any good temper: “The ticket money from your tour must be used to compensate for this table. As for the rest — you pay for the gap yourselves.”
Seeing that Spitfire implied that her show wouldn’t make ticket money, Lightning Dust sneered and turned to leave. Rolling Thunder slapped down the tour poster and two crystal diamonds on the table, looked at Spitfire with seeming jealousy, and then left the office with Short Fuse.

[zh.@o0]
这也太嚣张了！
[en.@o0]
How arrogant!