[zh.@]
「绿灯」行动报告「C」：消防安全专家组
[en.@]
Operation <=Greenlight=> Report <=C=> : Fire Safety Expert Group
[zh.@desc]
帝国财政部和能源部囤积了过量石油，我们可以一举两得：以女皇的名义将这些石油送给小马谷，在小马谷修建储油罐。与此同时，我们可以借机在其中的各个环节寻找机会，对小马谷进行渗透：例如储油罐的工程队、例行维修员、消防安全专家、燃油运输队、燃油储存专家、保安、燃油销售商等等。这些员工将会长期居住在小马谷，并依据帝国的喜好宣传支持或反对个别候选者，以此来影响小马谷的政治走向。

在储油罐完成后，我们也可以虚报储油罐的价格，从而以高价向小马谷收取石油费用。这样一来，我们不仅可以在小马谷建立情报网，还可以从中获利。

§R补充：由于本计划组长意外身亡于一场爆炸案，接下来的计划执行将由A组组长接管负责。§!

如今，小马谷公爵领已经建成了17座储油罐，遍布小马谷、香甜苹果园等地区，并配有常驻的消防安全组，也就意味着我们对于这些地区都有了影响力。与此同时，坎特洛特高档香水也在小马谷建立了许多销售门店。消防安全组和香水店员中大半都是帝国秩序部成员或与帝国有利益往来的第三方，他们将在小马谷长期居住，以此来影响小马谷的政治走向。我们已经可以看到小马谷独立程度降低的初步倾向了。

目前，我们比较倾向的候选者是钱多多与梅耶。前者只需要金钱即可让他轻松效忠帝国，但也许我们并不能开出比洛马基更高的价格。而后者已经是我们的老朋友了，当你给落水者第二次机会的时候，她一定会紧紧抓住不放。虽她信仰民主与谐律... 额... “旧谐律”，而不是女皇的新谐律主义，但梅耶的软弱将是我们的机会。


§R「绝密」§!
§R真正的任务已经完成，17座储油罐周边都已经设立了坎特洛特高档香水仓库，且全部店员和消防队员都已经过秩序部审核。帝国将不会派出军队平叛，而是静待叛军一路绿灯进入小马谷。随后，只需要女皇的一通电话，那扳机将被扣下，那具有催眠功效的香水全部气化释放，会将整个小马谷、叛军和公爵一起拖入梦乡。易燃易爆的香水与那一座座钢铁巨兽般的储油罐，在我们的消防安全专家精心核查过的情况下，将会让整个小马谷在“温暖”的睡梦中平静地迎接死亡。从此，不再有任性的领主，从此，不再有猖狂的叛军。§!
[en.@desc]
The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Energy have hoarded excess oil, so we can now kill two birds with one stone: send those oil to Ponyville in the name of the Empress, and build fuel silos in Ponyville. At the same time, we can take this opportunity to infiltrate Ponyville at various stages, such as the construction team of the fuel silo, routine maintenance staffs, fire safety experts, fuel transportation team, fuel storage experts, security guards, fuel salesponies, etc. These employees will live in Ponyville for a long time and promote or oppose individual candidates according to the Empire’s preferences, so as to influence the political direction of Ponyville.

After the fuel silo is completed, we can also overstate the price of the fuel silo, so as to charge Ponyville for the oil at a high price. In this way, we not only establish an intelligence network in Ponyville, but also profit from it.

§RAdditional Note: Due to the accidental death of the group leader of this plan in an explosion, the next phase will be taken over by the leader of Group A.§!

Now, there are 17 fuel silos in the Duchy of Ponyville, scattered throughout Ponyville, Sweet Apple Acres, and other areas, each with a permanent fire safety team, which means that we have influence over all these areas. At the same time, Canterlot Luxury Perfume has also established many sales outlets in Ponyville. Most of the fire safety team and perfume shop staff are members of the EEMO or third parties with interests related to the Empire, and they will live in Ponyville for a long time to influence the political direction of Ponyville. We can already see the initial trend of the decline in Ponyville’s independence.

Currently, our preferred candidates are Filthy Rich and Mare. The former only needs money to make him easily loyal to the Empire, but maybe we can’t offer a higher price than Las Pegasus. The latter is already an old friend of ours. When you give a drowning pony a second chance, she will definitely grab it tightly and never let go. Although she believes in democracy and harmony... Emmm... “old harmony”, rather than the Empress’s neo-harmonism, Mare’s weakness will be our opportunity.


 §R<=TOP SECRET=>§! 
§RThe real mission has been completed. Canterlot Luxury Perfume warehouses have been set up around all 17 fuel silos, and all staff and fire safety team members have been vetted by EEMO. The Empire will NOT send troops to quell the rebellion, but will wait for the rebels to enter Ponyville with all green lights on the way. Then, with just one call from the Empress, the trigger will be pulled, and the hypnotic perfume will be vaporized and released, dragging the entire Ponyville, rebels, and the Duchess/Duke into their sweet dreams. The flammable and explosive perfume and those steel behemoth-like fuel silos, under the careful inspection of our fire safety experts, will allow the entire Ponyville to peacefully embrace death in its “warm” sleep. From now on, there will be no more capricious duchesses or dukes, and no more rampant rebels.§!
[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
