[zh.@]
起义失败
[en.@]
The uprising failed.
[zh.@desc]
小萍花预料到这一天可能会发生，可她却仍然无法接受如此冰冷的事实，也没有想到石青派居然会如此的残忍和无情，或许石青派早在当初就察觉到了自己的计划，又或者是哪位苹果派家族的成员还是将秘密透露给了她，当苹果鲁萨宣布独立后，虽然起初有些猝不及防，但是很快便遭到了石青派军队有组织的大举进攻，仅凭起义部队，苹果鲁萨根本无力抵抗。更令小萍花感到心寒的是，石青派当晚就发表了演讲，不仅完全否认自己的所作所为，甚至还指责自己是苹果派家族的叛徒。现在，整个苹果派家族分裂成了俩瓣，而每分每秒都有小马因自己而死。石青派正借此机会铲除苹果派家族内任何不服从的声音，而仅存的苹果家族成员掩护小萍花出了边境。

小萍花坐在列车上，回头望向苹果鲁萨的夜空，炮声轰鸣，火热的浓烟让星光也暗淡了下来。月光仍然洒在每一棵苹果树下，小萍花知道这可能是她最后一次看到它们了。亲情随着苹果鲁萨的美好回忆被一同埋葬，往昔都是石青派的伪装，一想到此，小萍花再次陷入了无尽的悲伤之中，小萍花还记得多年前，萍琪姐姐从一本族谱中找到了一些线索，俩家一起度过了第一个暖炉夜，那个夜晚不仅有她，她的姐姐苹果嘉儿，还有石青派，石灰派，玉琪派和碧琪派，她们在一起欢唱，互送礼物，一切都是那么美好。虽然石青派很少跟她独处过，也很少对她笑过，大多时候总是摆出一副冷漠的面孔，但是，她清楚的知道石青派像爱着她的妹妹一样爱着自己。难道，这些经历都是虚假的吗？终末之战或许不仅改变了每个小马的生活，还彻底改变了一些小马的性格
[en.@desc]
Apple Bloom had anticipated that this day might come, yet she still could not accept such a cold, harsh truth. She had never imagined that Limestone Pie could be so ruthless and merciless. Perhaps Limestone had sensed her plan from the very beginning, or maybe some member of the Apple Pie family had inadvertently revealed the secret.

When Appleloosa declared its independence, the initial shock quickly turned into disaster. Limestone Pie’s army launched a well-organized, massive assault. The uprising forces alone were powerless to resist.

What chilled Apple Bloom even more was that Limestone Pie delivered a speech that very night — not only denying everything she had done, but even accusing Apple Bloom of being a traitor to the Apple Pie family.

Now, the entire Apple Pie family had been split in two, and with every passing second, ponies were dying because of her. Limestone Pie was using this opportunity to eliminate any dissenting voices within the family, while the remaining Apple Pie members escorted Apple Bloom safely across the border.

Apple Bloom sat on the train, gazing back at Appleloosa’s night sky. Cannons roared, and the hot, thick smoke dimmed even the starlight. The moonlight still spilled over every apple tree. Apple Bloom knew it might be the last time she would ever see them.

Family bonds were being buried along with the memories of Appleloosa’s former beauty. All the past had been a facade carefully maintained by Limestone Pie. The thought plunged Apple Bloom into endless sorrow once more.

She remembered, years ago, when Pinkie Pie had discovered some clues in a family record. The two families had shared their first hearth night together. That night had been beautiful — not just with her, but with Applejack, Limestone Pie, Maud Pie, Marble Pie, and Pinkie Pie herself. They sang together, exchanged gifts — everything was so perfect.

Although Limestone Pie rarely spent time alone with her, rarely smiled at her, and often wore a cold, distant expression, Apple Bloom knew clearly that Limestone Pie had loved her as she would her own younger sister.

Could all those experiences have been false?

The final war may have not only changed the lives of every pony but also fundamentally altered their very characters.

[zh.@o0]
一切都已无法挽回
[en.@o0]
Nothing can change...


