[zh.@]
克鲁格镇最早建立于安及某个帝国时期，并在安及的战乱中不断壮大 — 每当有一位铁腕统治者席卷整个沙漠时，就会有无数被视作“不可接触者”的“不纯洁”生物或是一些逃亡的奴隶来到这里，躲避追捕。年复一年，这里的村落简陋破烂但又愈发壮大，各色各样的生物在这里汇聚。和平时代的安及曾邀请他们一同加入同盟，南边的海马利亚也曾尝试与他们接触，但是正如那句安及谚语：“被热汤烫到的小马之后连喝酸奶的时候都要先吹一吹。” 这些逃难者们并不信任任何的统治者，无论他们宣称有多么善良。
风暴帝国是克鲁格镇成长最快的时期，来到这里的不止有逃难的民众，还有那些发现了机遇的不法分子与绝命之徒。一处不受任何国家管辖而又有着来自世界各地生物的无主之地，简直是创建犯罪网络的天堂。维可商业集团，就是刚刚升起的一颗黑色新星。维可，这只精明的裸鼹鼠，从小就生长在这混乱的城市中，年幼时就做起了贸易，从合法的宝石商生意起家，随后将业务丝滑地扩展到了诈骗、传销、高利贷催收、走私天马快乐水、奴隶贸易、赏金猎手、间谍活动、军火交易、颠覆政权，甚至是偷窃鬃毛。
克鲁格镇是一处充满反叛性的地方，当镇民们意识到维可的黑色帝国并非来自于他的精明与野心，而是他默默成为了风暴帝国的“黑手套”时，维可得好日子也就进入了倒计时，他的靠山也在不久后走向了覆灭。克鲁格镇迎来了新生，亦或是一次复兴：罪犯的时代告一段落了，克鲁格镇又回到了那个庇护难民的过去。
只不过，缺乏纪律与秩序的克鲁格镇，其基因中血脉中就注定了那滑向黑暗面的诱惑。无数镇民生长在这里，与维可一样，从小与黑社会、小偷和骗子为伍。在这个危险的地方，没有什么天真者可以活到今天。消失的维可商业集团留下的遗产被分配给了镇民，也成为了他们中一个个新维可发家的第一桶金，镇民们都知道下一个维可很快就会出现：但这可能是你，也可能是我。至于原来的维可，逃过一劫的他虽然失去了一切，但他也永远不会忘记自己的家乡：克鲁格镇，必须是属于他的克鲁格镇，他不可能容忍秩序与和谐幸福，在这篇本应只属于罪犯与奸商的土地上生根发芽。

[en.@]
Klugetown was first established during some Empire period in Anugypt, and it grew stronger amidst the chaos of Anugypt’s wars — whenever a strong ruler swept through the desert, countless “impure” beings deemed “untouchables” or runaway slaves would come here to evade capture. Year after year, the village here grew larger despite its rough and shabby appearance, with all kinds of beings converging here. During the peaceful times, Anugypt invited them to join the alliance, and southern Seaquestria also tried to reach out to them. However, as the Anugypt proverb goes: “A pony who was burnt by soup, will blow upon yoghurt.” These refugees did not trust any rulers, no matter how benevolent they claimed to be.
The Storm Empire was the period when Klugetown grew the fastest. Not only refugees came here but also criminals and desperados who saw opportunities. A land not governed by any country, yet inhabited by beings from all over the world, was a paradise for creating criminal networks. Verko Business Group was a rising black star. Verko, a shrewd naked mole-rat, grew up in this chaotic town and started trading at a young age, beginning with legitimate gemstone business. He then smoothly expanded his business to scams, pyramid schemes, high-interest loan collections, smuggling Pegasus Joy Juice, slave trade, bounty hunting, espionage, arms trading, regime subversion, and even stealing manes.
Klugetown was a rebellious place. When the townsfolk realized that Verko’s black empire was not due to his shrewdness and ambition, but because he had quietly become the “black glove” of the Storm Empire, Verko’s good days were numbered, and his backer soon met his downfall. Klugetown saw a rebirth, or rather a revival: the era of criminals came to an end, and Klugetown returned to its past of sheltering refugees.
However, the lack of discipline and order in Klugetown meant that the temptation to slide into darkness was in its genes and bloodline. Many townsfolk grew up here, like Verko, surrounded by gangs, thieves, and scammers from a young age. In this dangerous place, no innocent creatures could survive to this day. The legacy of the disappeared Verko Business Group was distributed among the townsfolk, becoming the first pot of gold for many new Verkos to get rich. The townsfolk all knew that the next Verko would soon appear: it could be you, or it could be me. As for the original Verko, having escaped unscathed, he lost everything, but he would never forget his hometown: Klugetown, which must be his Klugetown. He could not tolerate order and harmony taking root in this land that should only belong to criminals and swindlers.
