[zh.@]
有史以来第一次，在新式电台的广播下，整个鞍拉伯沙漠都在统一时间收听到了皇室的新宣誓效忠仪式 — 老王后与老国王，阿米拉与哈基姆决定将国家交给新一代更加年轻有活力的王子胡·珐尔。
鞍拉伯曾经也具有过辉煌与野心，他们曾在天文学、数学、医学等领域有过卓越的成就，甚至曾有过向北幻形灵尼亚宣传他们的文化与信仰的计划。但香料的发现让他们失去了那些激进的狂想，如果只是躺在沙漠中等待着商队的到来就可以享有数不尽的金币山丘，谁还会想着去征服别的国家呢？曾经试图与小马利亚分庭抗礼的鞍拉伯帝国，就这样逐步演变成了一个盛产香料、热爱和平的国家。
即使鞍拉伯已经不再具有征服的野心，他们依然具有世界级的的影响力 — 无论是嘶犁兰卡与安及等地区都继承着沙尘中诞生的文化，小马利亚与鞍拉伯的官方友好与贸易关系也成为了世界最重要的外交关系之一。即使是外面的世界已经焕然一新，坎特洛特与虫巢都迎来了新的领袖，鞍拉伯依然保持着他们一贯的传统，安静地生活在沙漠中，向一切愿意做生意的国家出售香料。作为交换，小马利亚为他们带来了食物、淡水、魔法与先进技术，例如那全新的电台。
宣誓效忠仪式结束不久，洛马基带着他们轰轰作响的机器来到这里时，刚刚继位胡·珐尔王子热情招待了他们。胡·珐尔以为洛马基一定是在打算绕过小马利亚帝国的监管与鞍拉伯单独进行私下的香料交易，但出乎他意料的是，贪婪的洛马基的两兄弟居然对畅销世界的香料毫无兴趣 — 他们想要一种在鞍拉伯沙漠的地下到处都是的恶心而粘稠的黑色液体。

[en.@]
For the first time in history, under the broadcast of the new radio station, the entire Saddle Arabian desert listened to the royal Bay‘ah ceremony at the same time — the old queen and old king, Amira and Haakim, decided to hoof over the country to the new generation of younger and more energetic prince Hoo’Far.
Saddle Arabia once had its own glory and ambition, with outstanding achievements in astronomy, mathematics, medicine, and even plans to promote their culture and beliefs to northern Changelinia. However, the discovery of spices made them abandon those radical fantasies. If they could enjoy endless piles of gold just by lying in the desert and waiting for caravans to arrive, who would think about conquering other countries? The Saddle Arabia Empire, which once tried to rival Equestria, gradually evolved into a country that produced spices and loved peace.
Even though Saddle Arabia no longer had ambitions of conquest, they still had world-class influence — regions like Shirelanka and Anugypt inherited the culture born in the sands, and the official friendly and trade relations between Equestria and Saddle Arabia became one of the most important diplomatic relations in the world. Even though the outside world had changed completely, with Canterlot and the Hive welcoming new leaders, Saddle Arabia still maintained their usual traditions, living quietly in the desert and selling spices to any country willing to do business. In exchange, Equestria brought them food, fresh water, magic, and advanced technology, such as the brand-new radio station.
Shortly after the Bay‘ah ceremony, when Las Pegasus and their rumbling machines arrived here, the newly crowned Prince Hoo’Far warmly received them. Hoo’Far thought that Las Pegasus must be planning to bypass the Equestria Empire’s supervision and conduct private spice trade with Saddle Arabia. However, to his surprise, the greedy Las Pegasus brothers were not interested in the spices that were bestsellers worldwide — they rather wanted a disgusting and sticky black liquid that was everywhere underground in the Saddle Arabian desert.
