[zh.@]
夺回苹果鲁萨
[en.@]
Retaking Appleloosa
[zh.@desc]
没有任何提前的通知，也没有任何预先的征兆，不过，当小萍花气喘吁吁的来到一场苹果家族成员的葬礼现场时，还是把在场的所有苹果家族小马都吓了一跳。小萍花快速扫视了一圈，莫丝清香等一些早已事先接触好的小马也在，她们互相间做了个眼神示意。“我有件事情要告诉大家”小萍花跑到了牧师旁边，大声宣布到。

俩个小时后，她便带着数十名苹果家族的成员大步横冲直撞进了苹果鲁萨的市政厅，执勤的卫兵们看到这一幕，既不敢阻拦也不敢多作询问，他们唯一能做的只是让行，闪到一边。很快，当小萍花使用苹果鲁萨的广播塔向整个小马利亚公布这个瞠目结舌的消息之前，留在市政厅工作的苹果家族成员就同样得知了布雷本遇害并非帝国作祟，而是石青派一蹄策划的事故。虽然一部分苹果家族成员仍然对此犹豫不决并害怕于石青派的威严。但大部分苹果家族成员仍然发动起来，迅速接管了苹果鲁萨周边的部队，并且宣布直到石青派解释清这件事之前，苹果鲁萨都会从大洛克维尔独立出来。当天傍晚大洛克维尔的旗帜被降下，苹果家族的绿星苹果旗再次被升起时，整个苹果鲁萨的小马都知道这意味着什么，而苹果鲁萨与采石农场的原始边境已经开始了从未有过的紧张对峙，昨天还在并肩奋战的军队顷刻间成为了对手。

此刻，双方军队都在等待上级的命令。苹果派家族的未来再次因布雷本陷入了分裂，石青派该作何选择？


[en.@desc]
Without any prior notice or warning, when Apple Bloom came, panting heavily, to the funeral of an Apple family member, she startled everypony present.

Apple Bloom quickly scanned the scene. Mossy Scent and some ponies she had already contacted were there as well, and they exchanged a knowing glance.

“I have something to tell all of you,” Apple Bloom announced loudly as she ran to the priest.

Two hours later, she led dozens of Apple family members charging boldly into Appleloosa’s City Hall. The guards on duty, seeing this scene, neither dared to stop them nor ask questions. The only thing they could do was step aside.

Soon, before Apple Bloom could use Appleloosa’s broadcast tower to announce this astonishing news to all of Equestria, the Apple family members remaining in City Hall had already learned the truth: Braeburn’s death had not been caused by the Empire, but was instead an accident orchestrated by Limestone Pie.

Although some Apple family members hesitated, intimidated by Limestone’s authority, the majority rallied immediately. They quickly took control of the forces surrounding Appleloosa and declared that, until Limestone Pie explained the situation, Appleloosa would secede from Great Rockville.

That evening, when the flags of Great Rockville were lowered and the Apple family’s green star-apple banner was raised again, everypony in Appleloosa understood the significance. The old borders between Appleloosa and the quarry farm had begun an unprecedented tense standoff. The armies that had fought side by side yesterday were now instant adversaries.

At this moment, both sides waited for orders from their superiors. The future of the Apple Pie family was once again fractured because of Braeburn’s fate. What choice would Limestone Pie make next?

[zh.@o0]
向姐妹城堡进军
[en.@o0]
march to the sisters’ castles！


