[zh.@]
一个销售员的遭遇
[en.@]
A Salespony’s Encounter
[zh.@desc]
“The Hearth’s Warming Eve is here once again~~”
销售员星尘黛西一边哼着歌一边打扫着地板，纵使让别的马来看地上真的是亮锃锃的，但她还是在重复这首歌第114次，而且她认为她应该再哼514次——因为暖炉节马上就要来了，虽然这一节日的氛围日渐淡化，也没有什么太像样的传统，但每一匹小马都应该为友谊欢呼，可是...可是今天让星尘黛西有些失望，从早上一直到下午到店里买东西的寥寥无几，或者说，从大战后就一直没什么马来，就算来了也是神色匆匆，拿了东西扔下几个金币就跑，但今天“不应该，实在不应该啊，以前来这里的小马可不这样。“她叹了一口气，摇了摇头，看了看她面前的，一本有些旧的，大战前买来的日历。
“叮——“门口的铃响了。”欢迎光临暖心日用品店，您...您...”星尘黛西欢快地转过身去，但她不由得一惊。
“好了，小姐。看来您很开心啊，请告诉我这是为什么呢？”为首的一匹黑颜色的雄马俯下身来，他的斗篷把他完全遮住，而且他的阴影也把星尘黛西遮住了，就连一点光都打不到她身上。
“因为...快要...过节？”星尘黛西恐惧地缩在一边，不敢面对他。
听到这话，那匹黑马立即环顾了一下店内的装饰，他的视线停留在那本旧日历上。
“嗯，过节...小姐，看来您必须去跟我一起看看新的日历了，也学些新歌。起来！小姐，您可以自己走的。“他转过身去，望向门外空荡荡的广场。
当她走出门进入警车的时候，她看到她最要好的朋友。但她的好朋友却慌张地，急匆匆地避开了和她的眼神交流，像是完全不认识一般。她记忆中听到的最后几个字便是她的朋友，小声嘀咕着。
“过节？看来她真是疯了。”
[en.@desc]
“The Hearth’s Warming Eve is here once again~~”
The salespony Dust Dash is sweeping the floor while humming the song. Even though the floor is shining, she is still repeating the song for the 12th time, and she thinks she should hum it for 25 more times - because the Hearth’s Warming Eve is coming. Even though the atmosphere of this holiday is fading and there is no decent tradition, everypony should still cheer for friendship. However... however today makes D.D. a little disappointed. From the morning to the afternoon, barely anypony came to the store. Or, to say, barely anypony came since the war. Even if they came, they were in a hurry, threw some bits and ran away. But today it still confuses her, “It shouldn’t be like this, it really shouldn’t. Ponies who came here before didn’t act like this.” She sighed, shook her head and looked at the calendar in front of her, an old one she bought before the war.
“Ding-” The bell on the door rang. “Welcome to the Hearth’s Warming General Store, you... you...” D.D. turned around happily, but she was stunned.
“Alright, miss. It seems you are too happy. Please explain it to me.” The leader of a group of ponies, a black stallion, bent down. His cloak covered him completely, and his shadow covered D.D., not even a bit of light could reach her.
“Because... the holiday... is coming?” D.D. shrank to the side fearfully, not daring to face him.
Hearing this, the black stallion immediately looked around the decorations in the store, and his eyes stopped at the old calendar.
“Hmm, the holiday... miss, it seems you have to take a look at the new calendar with me, and learn some new songs. Get up! Miss, you can walk by yourself.” He turned around and looked at the empty square outside.
When she walked out of the door and entered the police car, she saw her best friend. But her best friend avoided her gaze in a hurry, as if she didn’t know her at all. The last few words she heard from her friend were murmured.
“The holiday? She is really losing her mind.”
[zh.@o0]
记得在你的葬礼前更新你的日历
[en.@o0]
Remember to update your calendar before your funeral