[zh.@]
洛马基来访
[en.@]
Las Pegasus requests an audience
[zh.@desc]
“陛下，请允许我代表洛马基向您致敬”和煦光流把她的目光从沙盘上移到那个仪表翩翩，勉强挤出一份微笑的小马身上。“趁我现在还不想对洛马基发火，你最好有话直说，我也懒得跟你谈判，如果你敢像弗立姆弗莱姆那样油腔舌调，我亲自就把你的舌头拔出来再塞回你那虚情假意的眼眶里”和煦光流没好气的说道。

“我完全相信陛下有这个能力，俩兄弟虽然此前因为事务缠身，未能亲自到访，但他们非常心系帝国的局势，也非常希望帝国能取得战争的最终....."

“那俩个混蛋!他们俩要是真的关心我，在叛军刚刚起势时，我就命令他们派遣联军支援帝国军队了！”

“请原谅我们，陛下，洛马基需要一个安全稳定的政治环境才能给帝国提供最强大的技术保障，这远比我们像其他总督区那样直接派遣部队要重要的多，我相信您也是知道这一点的”

和煦光流的气稍微消了些，毕竟现在也不是和洛马基翻脸的时候，“那么，现在呢？”

“也得益于帝国提供的大力帮助和更加稳定的科研环境，没有国家有精力察觉到我们正在进行的研究，现在，前沿的魔法与物理学理论有了全新的突破，我们十分肯定未来我们可以制造出一些真正毁灭性的战争武器。如果陛下需要我直言，那么我必须要指出一点，纵然帝国拥有着全小马利亚最强大的军事实力，本应该横扫叛军，但是现在帝国的战况局势却不容乐观，因为除了东方的星光熠熠以外，帝国的部队正同时面临着多方向进攻，许多潜在的国家也正筹划着趁帝国顾不暇接时分一杯羹”

“你说的....我....我当然都知道了，我可是全小马利亚最聪明的小马”和煦光流赶紧回复道，她可不想让眼前这个家伙瞧不起她伟大的思想

“那么，我相信陛下也可以理解洛马基此前的担忧了，洛马基也明白现在是能帮助陛下分忧的最好机会，如果洛马基现在参战，不仅可以缓解帝国的战场压力，也可以为帝国即将获得的，我们即将完成的终极武器门提供一个真正的实战测试环境........不过，如果陛下可以理解的话，我们也需要批准更多的研发经费和更多经济政策上的扶持.....
[en.@desc]
“Your Majesty, allow me to pay homage on behalf of Las Pegasus,” the envoy said.

Cozy Glow lifted her gaze from the sand table to the little pony before her, who was fidgeting and forcing a smile. “You’d better be direct while I’m still not in the mood to make trouble for Las Pegasus,” she snapped. “I’m not interested in bargaining. If you talk to me with the same oily tongue as Flim Flam, I’ll personally pull your tongue out and stuff it back into those phony, insincere eye-sockets of yours,” Cozy Glow finished, her tone all acid.

“I fully trust that Your Majesty has the ability,” the Las Pegasus envoy continued. “Although the two brothers were tied up with affairs and couldn’t come personally, they care deeply about the Empire’s situation and very much hope the Empire will achieve final victory in the war…”

“Those two bastards! If they really cared about me, I would have ordered their allied forces sent to support the Imperial Army as soon as the rebels rose!” Cozy Glow exploded.

“Please forgive us, Your Majesty,” the envoy said calmly. “Las Pegasus needs a safe and stable political environment to provide the Empire with the strongest technological support. That is far more important than sending troops directly like other governorates. I trust Your Majesty understands this.”

Cozy Glow’s temper eased a notch — this was not the moment to pick a fight with Las Pegasus. “So, what now?” she asked.

“Thanks to the Empire’s substantial assistance and a more stable research environment, no nation has been able to detect what we’ve been working on. Now, breakthroughs in cutting-edge magic and physics theory have been made. We are confident we can develop truly devastating weapons in the near future. If I may speak plainly: even though the Empire has the strongest military in all Equestria and should be able to sweep the rebels aside, the strategic situation is not optimistic. Aside from the eastern forces led by Starlight Glimmer, the Empire’s troops are facing attacks from multiple directions. Several neutral nations are also planning to grab a share while the Empire is distracted.”

“You say all this… I — of course I know it,” Cozy Glow replied quickly, not wanting this pony to think she didn’t understand the grand strategy. “I am the cleverest pony in all Equestria, after all.”

“Then I believe Your Majesty can understand Las Pegasus’s earlier prudence. Las Pegasus also understands this is the best time to help ease Your burden. If Las Pegasus enters the war now, we can not only relieve pressure on the Imperial front, but also provide a real combat testing ground for the ultimate weapon we are about to complete… However, if Your Majesty will consent, we will need increased R&D funding and additional economic support….”
[zh.@o0]
“你们要多少都随你们，赶紧给我动起来，别浪费时间了！”
[en.@o0]
“You want whatever you want — fine, just get moving. Don’t waste my time!”
[zh.@o1]
“可恶的俩兄弟，又来找我要钱了，让他们俩好好考虑清楚谁才是老大！”
[en.@o1]
“Damn those two brothers, coming to me for money again, Let them think hard about who’s actually in charge.”