[zh.@]
大军压境
[en.@]
army coming
[zh.@desc]
石青派神态自若，她正在迫切的等待着前线传来的信息，一个象征着她胜利的消息，一名苹果家族的代表此刻也陪伴在她的旁边。眼下，她掌权以来最为看重的东西——她的军队，正齐刷刷的等候在野牛部落的边境上，而她的外交官则正在与野牛部落进行着唇枪舌剑的交锋，强迫野牛加入她的麾下，回到苹果派家族中来。虽说野牛家族与派家族从来没有任何关系，但是野牛家族与苹果家族的恩怨素来已久，为了争夺土地和资源不惜爆发冲突，虽然在俩公主统治时期，家族间的关系在谐律元素持有者们的撮合下变得温和，但是终末之战后，野牛家族还是选择与苹果派俩家分道扬镳了，它们待在野牛荒原，对外界的任何请求一概置之不理，并且与苹果家族产生了许多摩擦，苹果家族任何外交方式的努力之前都已宣告失败，但是，这在石青派此刻的眼中，恰恰是一次机会。她没有忘记之前在家族会议上发生的事情，如今，她费劲心思只是要向布雷本、苹果家族和其他小马证明一件事：她可以用她的武力来达成任何目的。
野牛家族在悬殊的势力差距前会乖乖就范吧，石青派思考着，并已经盘算着在获得了野牛部落的土地后下一步该如何进行，她并不担心，因为她早已下达了命令，只要外交谈判失败，她的军队将直接强行接管整片领地，显然，这会导致战争和一系列后果
[en.@desc]
Limestone Pie wore an impassive expression as she anxiously awaited word from the front—a message that would signify her victory. At her side stood a representative of the Apple family. At this very moment, the thing she valued most since assuming power—her army—was drawn up in perfect formation along the Buffalo Tribe’s border. Her diplomats were locked in fierce verbal sparring with the buffalo, pressing them to throw in their lot with her banner and rejoin the Apple Pie family.

Although the Buffalo Tribe had never been part of the Pie clan, they and the Apples had a long history of feuding over land and resources—conflicts that occasionally erupted into open warfare. Under the two princesses, relations had been softened by the Elements of Harmony, but after the Last Roundup the buffalo chose to break away entirely, retreating to the Buffalo Wastes and ignoring every diplomatic overture from the Apple family. All of Appleloosa’s previous efforts had failed. Yet to Limestone Pie, this very breakdown was an opportunity. She had not forgotten the events at the last family council; now she was determined to prove to Brebron, the Apple family, and the rest of Equestria that she could achieve any aim by force.

Limestone Pie was already planning her next move once the buffalo lands were secured. She felt no hesitation—her orders were clear: should diplomacy falter, her army would march in and seize the territory by force, regardless of the war and its fallout. And then, just as she braced herself,
[zh.@o0]
很快，电报传来了结果
[en.@o0]
the telegraph finally clicked to life with the eagerly awaited dispatch…
