[zh.@]
节俭的奢侈 · 上
[en.@]
Frugal Luxury · I

[zh.@desc]
天气工厂西部，一只镀着银镶着钻的小轿缓缓停下，后面跟着与其奢华完全不相称的只有两只小马的保镖团队。西装革履的羽蝶从小轿中走出，小心翼翼地。他与他的小轿一样，就像是一个自相矛盾的混合体：既奢华张扬，又内向收敛。
劳雷特小姐早已在此等候多时，很快便上前向帝国首席经济顾问羽蝶介绍起了周边的情况。当劳雷特小姐看到羽蝶的小轿时，她也很识趣地没有将其吹捧一番 — 因为劳雷特小姐清楚羽蝶其实非常讨厌这个小轿。平民出身的羽蝶看不惯坎特洛特那些贵族老爷和官僚们的骄奢淫逸，但若是不像他们一样纸醉金迷，就无法融入他们，导致他的一切经济政策和改革决议都推行不下去。因此，他不得不选择定制了一只尽可能看上去奢华，而又尽可能简小便宜的小轿。
此次考察天气工厂，羽蝶是趁着出访云中城的机会，脱离坎特洛特的命令秘密私自前来的。那些坎特洛特一个个肥头大耳的小马们只觊觎着云中城，想要让那些在呆蹄管理下貌似无穷无尽的马芬工厂转而为帝国生产奢侈品与武器。而只有羽蝶一只小马看清了云中城的真正价值：已经被遗弃的帝国气象局掌握着世界天气的控制权。只有让风之魔散去，整个小马利亚帝国才能获得长久的富裕，温暖的土地才能支撑得起女皇与那些腐败官僚的高额开支。而不同于云中城无法交流的呆蹄，羽蝶将希望寄托在相对独立于帝国政治环境，还没有被那些秘密警察渗透的层云堡政府上：羽蝶希望在层云堡自治区实践自己的经济学理念，以此向坎特洛特证明自己的价值，最终劝说女皇加大对气象局的投资，和对全国范围内的经济改革...
[en.@desc]
On the west side of the Weather Factory, a silver-plated and diamond-studded palanquin slowly stopped, followed by a bodyguard team of only two ponies that was completely inconsistent with the luxury. Feather Flatterfly, dressed in high-end suits, walked out of the palanquin carefully. Just like his palanquin, he was a contradictory hybrid of both flaunting luxury and introverted restraint.
Miss Laurette had been waiting here for a long time, and soon she approached Flatterfly, the Empire’s Chief Economic Advisor, to introduce the surrounding situation. When Miss Laurette saw Flatterfly’s palanquin, she cleverly said nothing, instead of praising it — because Miss Laurette knew that Flatterfly actually hated this palanquin. Flatterfly, who was raised in a commoner family, couldn’t stand the extravagance of the nobles and bureaucrats in Canterlot. However, indulging himself in luxury was the only way to connect with them, and without it, those bureaucrats would sabotage all his economic policies and reform decisions. Therefore, he had to choose a palanquin that looked as luxurious as possible, yet as simple and cheap as possible.
This field trip to the Weather Factory was taken advantage of the opportunity to visit Cloudsdale, and Flatterfly secretly came here without Canterlot’s orders. Those fat and short-sighted ponies in Canterlot only coveted Cloudsdale, wanting to turn the seemingly endless Muffin Factory under Derpy’s management into a producer of luxury goods and weapons for the Empire. Only Flatterfly, who saw the true value of Cloudsdale, realized that the abandoned Meteorological Bureau held the control of the world’s weather. Only by dispersing the Windigos could the entire Equestria Empire achieve long-term prosperity, and only with warmer soil could it support the high expenses of the Empress and those corrupt bureaucrats. Unlike Cloudsdale, which is governed by Derpy who is completely not communicatable, Stratusburg is where Flatterfly hopes to achieve his goal. He hopes to practice his economic theories in the Stratusburg Autonomous Region, prove his worth to Canterlot, and ultimately persuade the Empress to increase investment in the Meteorological Bureau and start a national economic reform...

[zh.@o0]
离开了帝国的管理，天气工厂自己似乎活得还不错
[en.@o0]
It seems that the Weather Factory is doing well without the Empire’s management
