[zh.@]
罪恶贸易
[en.@]
Sinister Trade
[zh.@desc]
如同三年来的每一天，星光熠熠处理着抵抗军境内大大小小的事务，不忘望向地图、整理情报，试图找到反击伪帝国的方法。

“星光熠熠，新一波的难民已经到达平等镇，我们现在要出发去安置他们，糖蓓儿已经在那里等你了。”这是双钻在提醒星光熠熠。“好，走吧。”最近的难民越来越多，不知道平等镇能不能容纳下那么多难民？也许应该把一部分难民安置到日光农场或者北蹄林城。星光熠熠拿上包，准备去安置难民时顺便看看其他地区是否有位置帮平等镇分担压力。

平等镇中心挤满了许多刚到站的难民，其中不乏从坎特洛特跋涉来平等镇的，小马谷来的，水晶帝国来的... 有的身上有很多伤，肯定是边巡队干的好事。星光熠熠看见一只品红色的小马火急火燎地朝她跑过来：那是糖蓓儿，她脸上似乎布满了汗珠，脸上看起来震惊中又带有些许愤怒。

“星光熠熠！我刚刚在安置一只马哈顿来的小马。我真不敢相信乐善竟敢做出这样的事！”

“马哈顿来的小马？乐善做什么了？”星光熠熠查询了一下自己的记忆，发现以前来的难民中似乎没有来自马哈顿的。奇怪，乐善到底干了什么？这只来自马哈顿的小马一定知道些啥...

“他说乐善的小马绑架了他的家人，威胁他去一个矿洞工作。工头不让他们休息，而且... 他们是被卖过去的！”

星光熠熠睁大了眼睛，听到马哈顿中天大的罪恶，一个自己只在故事之中听到的概念脱口而出：“奴隶？！”

“听起来是的... 乐善显然把小马当成商品，卖给马哈顿、小马德菲亚以及巴尔的马那些地方的巨头们。” 糖蓓儿根据那只来自马哈顿的小马提供的信息猜想。

“乐善竟敢做出这种事...这一定跟和煦有什么关系。”愤怒之余，星光熠熠突然诞生了一个想法。“双钻，这是一个机会。我们可以以这个为契机，去解放马哈顿处于水深火热中的小马们。国家安全部需要去收集马哈顿的信息，整理给我，我们需要一次行动。”

“没问题。”
[en.@desc]
As with every day of the past three years, Starlight Glimmer is dealing with the affairs of the Resistance. From time to time she looks at the map, organizes her thoughts and information in an attempt to find a way to strike back at the illegal empire.

“Starlight Glimmer, a new wave of refugees has arrived in Our Town. We are about to help them settle down, and Sugar Belle is waiting for you there.” Double Diamond reminds Starlight Glimmer. “Okay, let’s go.” More and more refugees are arriving, and Our Town may not be able to accommodate so many refugees. Perhaps some of the refugees should be settled in Suburst Farm or Northern Hooflyn. Starlight Glimmer picks up her bag and prepares to go to help settle the refugees and see if there are any other areas that can help Our Town share the pressure.

The center of Our Town is crowded with many newly arrived refugees, including those who have traveled from Canterlot, Ponyville, and the Crystal Empire... Some of them are seriously injured, which must have been done by the patrol. Starlight Glimmer sees a pink pony running towards her in a hurry: it is Sugar Belle, who seems to be covered in sweat, with a look of shock and a hint of anger on her face.

“Starlight Glimmer! I just helped a pony who came from Manehattan settle down. I can’t believe what Gladmane has done to them!”

“A pony from Manehattan? What did Gladmane do?” Starlight Glimmer checks her memory and finds that there were no refugees from Manehattan before. Strange, what has Gladmane done? This pony from Manehattan must know something...

“He said Gladmane’s ponies kidnapped his family and threatened them to work in a mine. The foreman didn’t let them rest, and... they were sold!”

Starlight Glimmer’s eyes widened when she heard the great evil in Manehattan, a concept she had only heard of in stories: “Sold as... a slave?!”

“It sounds like it... Gladmane obviously treats ponies as commodities, selling them to the bigwigs in Manehattan, Fillydelphia, and Baltimare.” Sugar Belle guesses based on the information provided by the pony from Manehattan.

“How dare he... this must have something to do with Cozy.” In her anger, Starlight Glimmer suddenly had an idea. “Double Diamond, this is an opportunity. We can use this as a chance to liberate the ponies in Manehattan who are in dire straits. The National Security Department should now go collect more information about Manehattan and report it to me. We need to take action.”

“No problem.”
[zh.@o0]
这就是伪帝国所谓“经济繁荣”
[en.@o0]
So that’s the “prosperity” the illegal empire claimed...

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
§R是可忍，孰不可忍§!
开始§Y突袭马哈顿§!事件链
解锁§Y突袭马哈顿§!相关国策
[en.@TOOLTIP]
§REnough is enough§!
Unlock national focuses related to §YManehattan Raid§! 
