[zh.@]
阿款的故事
[en.@]
The Story of Big Bucks
[zh.@desc]
在乐善还在经营洛马基度假村的时候，阿款是一名魔术师，和满贯搭档长期一起合作在洛马基进行魔术表演。油嘴滑舌两兄弟接管度假村，乐善逃往马哈顿的时候，两位搭档留在了洛马基，继续表演魔术。

但好景不长，终末之战造成的影响，让有闲钱观摩魔术表演的小马越来越少，两位魔术师的收入也越来越少。满贯依然在坚持表演魔术，而阿款成为了一名火车司机，为油嘴滑舌兄弟运送物资。低到发指的工资让阿款萌生了偷渡去马哈顿的念头。阿款听说了马哈顿那边的富裕，也听说前老大乐善在那里混得小有成就，便带上了毕生的积蓄，想要去见识一下马哈顿的纸醉金迷。

1000年春的洛马基正实行着严格的临时管制，但阿款的火车司机职业给了他一个机会，阿款准备在为马哈顿运送物资的路上，偷偷带上满贯，一起逃离洛马基。

遗憾的是，阿款驾驶的火车在中途遭遇了事故，阿款司机也成了罪魁祸首，最终阿款伪造了自己的死亡，用新身份辗转逃至马哈顿。但阿款没曾想到的是，他没能如愿见到乐善，而是被马哈顿的黑帮抓了起来。黑帮很快识破了阿款的假身份，并以此胁迫阿款为他们做事。

黑帮头目似乎有些意外阿款能报出乐善的名号，但这似乎并没有改变阿款的命运。之后的故事就不甚清晰了，最后一次有其他小马听说阿款的名字，是在另一列火车上，那列车开往的是在小马利亚帝国边境的一座矿洞，由乐善集团经营，在那里做工的小马们没有工资，被工头逼迫着劳动，据说没有几只小马回来过。阿款的故事也就没有了下文。
[en.@desc]
When Gladmane was still running the Las Pegasus resort, Big Bucks was a magician who parterned with Jack Pot to perform magic shows at the resort. When the Flim Flam brothers took over the resort and Gladmane fled to Manehattan, the two magicians stayed in Las Pegasus and continued to perform magic.
Unfortunately, the Ultimate Battle has caused a lot of damage to the resort, and fewer and fewer ponies have the spare money to watch magic shows, so the two magicians’ income is getting lower and lower. Jack Pot still insists on performing magic, while Big Bucks becomes a train driver to transport supplies for the Flim Flam brothers. The extremely low salary made Big Bucks have the idea of smuggling to Manehattan. Big Bucks heard about the wealth of Manehattan, and also heard that the former boss Gladmane had achieved some success there, so he brought his lifelong savings and wanted to see the paper-drunk gold in Manehattan.
The Las Pegasus in 1000’s Spring was under strict temporary control, but Big Bucks’ job as a train driver gave him the opportunity. Big Bucks planned to secretly take Jack Pot with him to escape Las Pegasus while transporting supplies to Manehattan.
Unfortunately, the train driven by Big Bucks encountered an accident on the way, and Big Bucks as the driver also became the culprit. In the end, Big Bucks forged his own death and escaped to Manehattan with a new identity. But what Big Bucks didn’t expect was that the moment he arrived in Manehattan, he was caught by the local mafia. The mafia quickly saw through Big Bucks’ false identity and used it to coerce Big Bucks to do things for them.
The mafia boss seemed a little surprised that Big Bucks could report Gladmane’s name, but this did not seem to change Big Bucks’ fate. The story afterwards is not very clear. The last time other ponies ever heard Big Bucks’ name was on another train. The train was heading to a mine on the border of the Equestria Empire. The mine was operated by the Gladmane Group. The ponies working there had no salary and were forced to work by the forepony. It was said that few ponies have come back from there. And Big Buck’s story ends here.
[zh.@o0]
等等，火车司机？
[en.@o0]
Wait, a train driver?
