[zh.C07]
洛马基经济特区
[zh.C07_DEF]
洛马基经济特区
[zh.C07_ADJ]
特区
[en.C07]
Las Pegasus Economic Zone
[en.C07_DEF]
The Las Pegasus Economic Zone
[en.C07_ADJ]
特区

[zh.C07_corporation_party]
洛马基财团
[en.C07_corporation_party]
Las Pegasus Consortium

[zh.C07_despotic_party]
小马利亚团结委员会
[en.C07_despotic_party]
Equestria Unity Commission


[zh.C07_DESC]
油嘴滑舌两兄弟的商业头脑没有小马能够匹敌！

自从赶走乐善，在洛马基开设度假村后，洛马基的生意越来越好，公司的规模和业务也在不断扩展。早在终末之战前，两兄弟的公司就已经发展为整个小马利亚世界的著名品牌。终末之战使得小马利亚的政府无暇顾及洛马基，两兄弟更是趁着这个机会疯狂地扩张。

如今，两兄弟的财团几乎垄断了洛马基周边的一切，洛马基的新兴贵族们也对此十分满意：无论外面的世界是多么混乱恐怖，都不影响洛马基的灯红酒绿纸醉金迷。但是，油嘴滑舌的野心显然并不满足于此：和那些控制着世界的反派们做生意还真是令人头痛呢！

如果...如果可以...强迫所有小马接受洛马基的“自由贸易”...就好了...

[en.C07_DESC]

The business acumen of the Flim and Flam brothers is unmatched in Equestria!

Since they drove out the Gladmane and reopened the resort in Las Pegasus, business has been booming and their company has been expanding. Even before the end of the war, the twins’ company had already developed into a famous brand in the entire Equestrian world. The end of the war made the Equestrian government too busy to care about Las Pegasus, and the twins took advantage of this opportunity to expand their business.

Now, the twins’ consortium has almost monopolized everything around Las Pegasus, and the emerging nobles of Las Pegasus are very satisfied with this: no matter how chaotic and terrifying the outside world is, it does not affect the revelry and luxury of Las Pegasus. However, the ambition of the Flim and Flam brothers is obviously not restricted to this: doing business with those who control the world is really a headache!

Only if... if they could... force all ponies to accept Las Pegasus’ “free trade”... that would be great...

[zh.PIHC_WS_C07_desc]
油嘴滑舌两兄弟的商业头脑没有小马能够匹敌！

自从赶走乐善，在洛马基开设度假村后，洛马基的生意越来越好，公司的规模和业务也在不断扩展。早在终末之战前，两兄弟的公司就已经发展为整个小马利亚世界的著名品牌。终末之战使得小马利亚的政府无暇顾及洛马基，两兄弟更是趁着这个机会疯狂地扩张。

1002年，按照最终的小马利亚帝国分封方案，洛马基及周边地区将推举一位领导者，接受和煦光流女皇的册封成为领主统治这些地区。洛马基地区的选举非常顺利，但很快帝国便察觉到了有些不对劲：所有的候选者，要么主动退出，要么失踪，要么意外死亡，要么宣布加入油嘴滑舌兄弟的竞选团队。
经过帝国的调查，怀疑选举中油嘴滑舌两兄弟存在着贿赂选举以及威胁候选者的行为，但未能掌握任何确凿证据。最终，高票当选的两兄弟前往坎特洛特接受册封。

但两位的野心似乎不止于领土，油嘴滑舌两兄弟来到坎特洛特后向和煦光流女皇展示了许多她从未见过的新式科技，并以向小马利亚帝国提供科技支持为交换，要求小马利亚帝国将洛马基公爵领改设为洛马基经济特区，进而让两兄弟领导的财团借由经济特区掌控整个小马利亚帝国的经济。不仅如此，油嘴滑舌还要求帝国将他们分别任命为小马利亚帝国工业部以及科学和魔法部的部长。
起初，和煦光流女皇当然不会同意这一提议，但随后两兄弟以非正式的方式经由第三者呈交了一份秘密报告，里面是此前所有失踪和意外死亡的洛马基参选者的详细档案。和煦光流女皇愤怒地召见两兄弟，询问这是否是一种威胁，但两兄弟却称从来没有见过这一文件，只是反复叮嘱女皇，既然看到了报告那就“要小心”。他们还向女皇保证，他们设立经济特区的提议，除了金钱和科技之外，没有其他的任何野心。
最终，在又一起案件发生——一位住在坎特洛特皇城脚下，曾报道过洛马基财团造成的工业污染的记者离奇身亡后，有些害怕的和煦光流女皇还是接受了两兄弟的提议。转头，和煦光流就立即指示帝国警察对这些案件进行了秘密而详细的调查，但没有任何证据显示两兄弟与这些案件有联系。在洛马基财团取得特许经营执照，洛马基经济特区设立后，这些案件也没有再发生过，也便逐渐不了了之。

很显然，有些小马比M6危险多了，和煦光流女皇这样想。

[en.PIHC_WS_C07_desc]

The business acumen of the Flim and Flam brothers is unmatched in Equestria!

Since they drove out the Gladmane and reopened the resort in Las Pegasus, business has been booming and their company has been expanding. Even before the end of the war, the twins’ company had already developed into a famous brand in the entire Equestrian world. The end of the war made the Equestrian government too busy to care about Las Pegasus, and the twins took advantage of this opportunity to expand their business.

In 1002, according to the final Equestria Empire feudal plan, the area around Las Pegasus will elect a leader and accept the enfeoffment of Empress Cozy Glow as the Duchess to rule these areas. The election in the Las Pegasus area went very smoothly, but the empire soon noticed that something was wrong: all the candidates either withdrew voluntarily, disappeared, died accidentally, or announced that they had joined the Flim and Flam brothers’ campaign team.
After the empire’s investigation, it was suspected that the Flim and Flam brothers had bribed the election and threatened the candidates, but no conclusive evidence was ever found. In the end, the twins, who won the election with a high vote, went to Canterlot to accept the enfeoffment.

But the ambition of the two brothers seems to be more than just territory. After arriving in Canterlot, the Flim and Flam brothers showed Empress Cozy Glow many new technologies that she had never seen before, and in exchange for providing technological support to the Equestria Empire, they asked the empire to change the Duchy of Las Pegasus into the Las Pegasus Economic Zone, and then let the consortium led by the two brothers control the economy of the Equestria Empire through the economic zone. Not only that, the Flim and Flam brothers also asked the empire to appoint them as the Equestria Empire’s Minister of Industry and the Minister of Science and Magic, respectively.
At first, Empress Cozy Glow certainly did not agree to this proposal, but then the two brothers submitted a secret report through a third party, which detailed the files of all the previous missing and accidental deaths of the Las Pegasus candidates. Empress Cozy Glow angrily summoned the two brothers and asked if this was meant as a threat, but the two brothers claimed that they had never seen such file, and repeatedly warned the empress to “be careful”, as she had seen the report. They also assured the empress that their proposal to establish the economic zone had no other ambitions other than money and technology.
In the end, after another case occurred — a journalist who lived in the capital Canterlot and had reported on the industrial pollution caused by the Las Pegasus Consortium died mysteriously — the frightened Empress Cozy Glow accepted the proposal of the two brothers. Then, Empress Cozy Glow immediately instructed the imperial police to conduct a secret and detailed investigation into these cases, but no evidence showed that the two brothers were connected to these cases. After the Las Pegasus Consortium was granted a business license and the Las Pegasus Economic Zone was established, these cases were never repeated and the whole matter gradually faded away.

It is obvious that some ponies are way more dangerous than M6, Empress Cozy Glow thought.
