[zh.@]
新独角兽 · I
[en.@]
New Unicorn · I
[zh.@desc]
...滋滋... (TV噪音)
“——我们正在见证又一个独角兽的诞生！当然，这里并不是在说，又一只长着角会使用魔法的小马出生了，而是一家冉冉升起的新兴独角兽企业！” 现场记者兴奋地说道。
廷马克图淘晶者协会，云中城商业委员会的下属组织，在一年内因廷马克图水晶首饰的爆火而忽然成为各个投资商的焦点：如果说曾经坎特洛特的贵族连层云堡和廷马克图的名字都没听说过，那么现在谁如果不能第一眼在地图上找出这一小马利亚最受欢迎水晶的产地，谁就基本可以告别商业顾问生涯了。
“淘晶者协会的前身是劳雷特小姐赞助的工马工会。” 乘风在接受采访时这样说道：“劳雷特小姐是一位非常善良和具有远见的小马，也是她当年为我提供了第一桶金。只可惜，她的商业头脑还有待提高。由于工会长期无偿提供法律援助，入不敷出，最终我与劳雷特小姐商议，愿意收购工会并承担其所有债务。”
“我最快意识到廷马克图水晶生意的前景，你们知道的，我永远是最快的。在闪电天马队的时候是，现在经商的时候也是。” 乘风说着，对自己感到十分满意。“于是我让工会的工马成员们都从天气工厂迁去廷马克图淘金，呃... 淘水晶，更准确地说。这样他们就可以用水晶当做报酬支付给工会，以获得工会的法律援助了。”
然而，并不是所有的关注者都赞同淘晶者协会的做法。
“工会的作用本就是组织工马与垄断企业谈判，如今却成为了垄断企业的一部分。我担心这会在工马中，尤其是那些拒绝搬家的天气工厂工马中，引起不满。” 也许是因为错过了这次财富机遇，劳雷特小姐略有不快地评价。
“淘晶者协会正在垄断廷马克图的采矿业，这是不健康的。” 帝国首席经济顾问羽蝶这样评价道：“比如说，就像坎特洛特一样。如今的坎特洛特化妆行业被鸢尾花的企业垄断，初期这带来了大量的就业和税收，但很快垄断就让帝国的经济一蹶不振——“
“哔——” 毫无征兆地，直播被坎特洛特掐断了。
[en.@desc]
...buzz buzz... (TV noise)
“—— We are witnessing the birth of another unicorn! Of course, this is not to say that another little pony with a horn and magic has been born, but rather a rising unicorn company!” The field reporter said enthusiastically.
The Timbucktu Crystal Rushers, a subsidiary of the Cloudsdale Chamber of Commerce, suddenly became the focus of various investors within a year due to the explosive popularity of Timbucktu crystal jewelry: If it was safe to say that most noble ponies of Canterlot had never heard of the name Timbucktu before, now anypony who couldn’t find this small town on the map at first glance could basically say goodbye to their career as a business consultant.
“The Crystal Rushers were originally the Weather Factory Labor Union, funded by Miss Laurette.” Wind Rider said in an interview, “Miss Laurette is a very kind and visionary pony, and she was the one who provided me with my starting capital. It’s just a pity that her business acumen still needs to be improved. Due to the union’s long-term free legal assistance, it was running at a loss, and eventually I negotiated with Miss Laurette and agreed to buy the union and take on all its debts.”
“I was the first to realize the potential of the Timbucktu crystal business, you know, I’m always the fastest. It was true when I was in the Wonderbolts, and it’s true now in business.” Wind Rider said, feeling very satisfied with himself. “So I had the union’s members move from the Weather Factory to Timbucktu to mine for gold, uh... crystals, to be more accurate. This way they can use the crystals as payment to the union for legal assistance.”
However, not all ponies are in favor of the Crystal Rushers’ approach.
“The sole purpose of a labor union is to organize workers to negotiate with monopolistic companies, but now it has become part of a monopolistic company. I’m worried this will cause dissatisfaction among the workers, especially those Weather Factory workers who refuse to move.” Miss Laurette, perhaps slightly displeased for missing out on this opportunity, commented.
“The Crystal Rushers are monopolizing the mining industry in Timbucktu, which is unhealthy.” The Empire’s Chief Economic Advisor, Feather Flatterfly, commented, “For example, just like Canterlot. The cosmetics industry in Canterlot is monopolized by the Fleur de Lis company. In the early stages, this brought a lot of employment and tax revenue, but soon the monopoly caused the Empire’s economy to falter—”
“Beep—” Without warning, the live broadcast was cut off by Canterlot.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
