[zh.@]
水晶帝国-幻形灵《协定》修正条款今日签署
[en.@]
Crystal Empire - Changeling Pact Amendments Signed Today
[zh.@desc]
顺应水晶帝国的民意，风雪之心于今日召见幻形灵大使组织了一场会谈，重新讨论并修正了《协定》中关于幻形灵帝国与水晶帝国关系的部分条款，并要求幻形灵大使立即签署并将这一消息通知给幻形灵帝国政府，而非过问幻形灵帝国政府的意见。
虽然无论是《协定》的具体条款还是此次修正条款的具体细节都并未对外公开，目前已知信息可以确认或推测的修正包括：
1. 幻形灵租界将恢复军事化，允许水晶帝国的驻军，换取幻形灵顾问团在水晶帝国理事会中占据更多席位。
2. 水晶帝国将开展新一轮工业建设，以保障对幻形灵帝国的爱意贡奉，因此，幻形灵帝国之后需要为此承担部分成本。
这些修正条款引发了不小轰动，很多小马担心这种强硬姿态会导致幻形灵帝国与水晶帝国的战争，而水晶帝国目前完全没有能力与幻形灵帝国对抗。然而，水晶帝国此刻名义上处于小马利亚帝国的保护下，而和煦光流女皇自然乐意看到水晶帝国倒向小马利亚帝国，因此也有小马推测风雪之心在利用小马利亚帝国的影响力来对抗幻形灵帝国。
[en.@desc]
To address the will of the crystal ponies, Queen Chrysalis and Flurry Heart has organized a meeting today to discuss and amend the part of the Pact concerning the relationship between the Changeling Empire and the Crystal Empire.
Although the specific details of the Pact and the amendments have not been made public, based on the information currently available, it can be confirmed or speculated that the amendments include:
1. The Changeling Concession will be converted into a permanent Changeling Empire territory, and the Crystal Empire will transfer the territory to the Changeling Empire for administration and allow garrison in exchange for the Changeling Empire to reduce the requirement for the Crystal Empire’s love tribute.
2. The Changeling Advisory Group will occupy more seats in the Crystal Empire Council in exchange for the Changeling Empire to initiate development plans to help the industrial construction of the Crystal Empire.
3. More trade between the Changeling Empire and the Crystal Empire.
4. The Changeling Empire will provide security guarantees for the Crystal Empire.
These amendments have caused quite a stir, and many ponies are worried that this tough stance will lead to war between the Changeling Empire and the Crystal Empire, and the Crystal Empire is currently completely incapable of confronting the Changeling Empire. However, the Crystal Empire is currently nominally under the protection of the Equestria Empire, and the Empress Cozy Glow is naturally willing to see the Crystal Empire leaning towards her. Therefore, some ponies speculate that Flurry Heart is taking advantage of the influence of the Equestria Empire to confront the Changeling Empire.
[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay