[zh.@]
10月31日
[en.@]
October 31st
[zh.@desc]
满贯，真希望你能亲眼看得到这繁华的马哈顿。我已经在这里生活了好几个月，虽然我还没有见到乐善先生，但我已经见识到了马哈顿的奢华。
马哈顿的繁华，真的不是那两个骗子管理下的洛马基可以比拟的。也许他们有着近似数量的总财富，但在洛马基，所有财富都只在他们兄弟名下；而在这里，财富在每条街道的商铺中、每只小马的钱包里，所有小马都有机会成为富翁。
我看到贵族小马们走在街上，他们的服饰华丽，他们的笑容灿烂，他们出入于酒吧、剧院、赌场，他们的生活充满了乐趣。虽然我还暂时不能像他们一样，因为在让我失去你的那场事故中，我也失去了我的一切积蓄。但我相信，只要我继续努力，我也很快就能成为他们中的一员。
刚来到马哈顿的我租不起房，只能在街头讨饭。马哈顿的街道非常干净，几乎没有多少像我这样身无分文的小马，这也让我一度感到羞愧。但今天，乐善集团的一名好心员工发现了我，他关心了我，并说既然我认识乐善先生，就一定可以给我安排一份好工作。他请我去餐馆吃饭，帮我付了我的晚餐钱，给了我一张床铺，还说明天就会带我去上班。我就知道，乐善先生的马哈顿是不会允许小马露宿街头的！我不知道我的新工作会是什么，据说还可以出差到马哈顿城外，希望我能做好我的工作，不要让他们失望。
满贯，期待着我跻身马哈顿上流社会的那一天吧！到时候，我会回归魔术表演，并且会让马哈顿的所有小马，都知道你的名字！
谨以此文，纪念我最好的朋友兼魔术搭档，满贯。
[en.@desc]
Jackpot, I really hope you can see with your own eyes the prosperity of Manehattan. I have been living here for several months, and although I have not yet met Mr. Gladmane, I have already seen the prosperity of Manehattan.
The prosperity of Manehattan is really not the level that Los Pegasus, managed by those two scammers, can even compare to. Perhaps they have similar amounts of total wealth, but in Los Pegasus, all the wealth is only in the hooves of the twins; while here, wealth is in every shop on every street, in the wallets of every pony, and every pony has the opportunity to become rich.
I can see those noble ponies walking on the streets, their clothing is gorgeous, their smiles are bright, they travel between bars, theaters, and casinos, their lives are full of fun. Although I can’t be like them for the time being, because in the same accident when I lost you, I also lost all my savings. But I believe that as long as I continue to work hard, I will soon be able to become one of them. 
When I first arrived in Manehattan, I couldn’t afford to rent a house, so I could only beg on the street. The streets of Manehattan are very clean, and there are hardly any ponies like me who are penniless. This once made me feel ashamed. But today, a kind employee of the Gladmane Group found me, he cared about me, and said that since I know Mr. Gladmane, he can definitely arrange a good job for me. He invited me to dinner at a restaurant, paid for my dinner, gave me a bed, and said he would take me directly to work tomorrow. I knew that Mr. Gladmane’s Manehattan would not allow any pony to be homeless on the street! I don’t know exactly what my new job will be, but it is said that I can also travel outside the city of Manehattan. I hope I can do my job well and not let them down.
Jackpot, look forward to the day when I will rise to the upper class of Manehattan! By then, I will return to magic performances, and I will make sure that all the ponies in Manehattan know your name!
In memory of my best friend and magic partner, Jackpot.

[zh.@o0]
上一页
[en.@o0]
Prev Page

[zh.@o1]
唉...
[en.@o1]
Alas...