
[zh.@]
即使是千年之后，梦魇之月的威名依然响彻小马利亚，令小马们仅仅是想起就不禁打个寒颤；而在南方诸国中，也有一位古老的神明享有如此地位，这便是豺狼族的圣王，安及帝国的缔造者与埋葬者，已逝灵魂的护卫，在世生灵的梦魇，秩序的贯彻者，阿努比斯王。
据历史记载，南小马利亚王朝末期气候紊乱、风暴迭起，频繁的雷暴将王朝的繁荣彻底打断，偌大的版图使那些小马法老不再有能力管辖沙漠中如沙尘一般繁多的种族。随之而来的是持续不休的内战，陆马、天马、独角兽、猫猫族、鸟族、鼹鼠、鱼人... 割据势力轮番登场，甚至来自北方的皇家军团与远在另一大陆的狮鹫也曾试图在这荒凉的沙漠中寻求一片绿洲。
争斗之中，命运为沙漠送来了一位新的王者。阿努比斯，一只来自豺狼族的弃婴，由豺狼族的第一任国王与伪装成其妻子的妹妹生下。阿努比斯于乱局中继任新王，以逝者的守护为称号，以雷霆手段统一了沙漠。然而，阿努比斯对那广袤的领土并不上心，只为复活老国王，阿努比斯投向了黑暗魔法的怀抱，并为整个安及带来了无法被忘却的噩梦。
即使千年后的安及都将阿努比斯称作暴君，豺狼们却依然怀念千年前的时光 — 自安及帝国陷落以来，豺狼们从金字塔的顶端跌落，失去了往日的荣耀与尊严。豺狼们在安及历史书中成为了各个王朝贵族的专职护卫，再也未能建立自己的国度。如今，在那些豺狼聚居的城邦，阿努比斯的传说依然流传，而阿努比斯受黑魔法诱惑而堕落的故事也引发着无尽的思考 — 阿努比斯以拥抱黑暗为代价复活了他的父亲，那如今的豺狼族是否可以用相同的方法复活圣王阿努比斯呢？
[en.@]
Even after a thousand years, the name of the Nightmare Moon still echoes throughout Equestria, sending shivers down the spines of its inhabitants. In the southern nations, there exists an ancient deity of similar renown: the Jackal Tribe’s Holy King, the founder and burier of the Anugypt Empire, the protector of passed, the nightmare of the living, and the enforcer of order — King Anubis.
According to historical records, during the late period of the Southern Equestria Dynasty, climate turmoil and thunderstorms disrupted the prosperity of the dynasty. The vast territory rendered the pony pharaohs incapable of governing the myriad races in the desert, which were as numerous as the sands. This was followed by an unending civil war, with Earth Ponies, Pegasi, Unicorns, Cats, Birds, Moles, and Fishfolks... all vying for power. Even the Royal Legion from the north and the Griffons from another continent attempted to seek an oasis in this desolate desert.
Amidst the strife, fate brought forth a new ruler for the desert. Anubis, a discarded cub of the Jackal Tribe, was born of the first king of Jackals and his sister, who disguised herself as his wife. Anubis ascended as the new king amidst the chaos, unifying the desert with an iron fist. However, Anubis was not concerned with the vast territory; his only desire was to resurrect the old king. He turned to dark magic and brought forth nightmares that could never be forgotten throughout Anugypt.
Although now Anugypt refers to Anubis as a tyrant, the jackals still miss the old days. Since the fall of the Anugypt Empire, the jackals fell from the top of the pyramid and lost their former glory and dignity. In the Anugypt history books, the jackals became professional guards for the nobles of dynasties after dynasties, and they could never establish their own nation again. Today, in the city-states inhabited by jackals, the legend of Anubis is still in circulation, and the story of Anubis’s fall due to the temptation of dark magic has also prompted endless thoughts — Anubis resurrected his father at the cost of embracing the darkness, so can today’s Jackals resurrect the Holy King Anubis using the same method?
