[zh.@]
小餐馆
[en.@]
A Small Diner
[zh.@desc]
入夜的层云堡，比白天时更加寂静。本就没有多少居民的层云堡，在月光的照耀下，显得更加空旷。不过，有一处例外——在市政厅对面的一间小餐馆内，灯火通明。
尽管餐馆才新建几年，夜晚聚集在在这已经成为了层云堡的民间习俗。这家小餐馆也赚的盆满钵满——当然也仅限于层云堡角度来说：即使在这种小镇子上建立最大的商业帝国，也比不上马哈顿或者洛马基街边一家平平无奇的小公司。
餐馆的创办者是一对青梅竹马的好友，破空与雾轨，他们是这个小镇几十年来仅有的一对出色飞马。当他们都考入闪电天马学院时，镇上的居民曾经全部放假三天庆祝。镇民们庆祝着几十年少见的天才，以为他们将改变层云堡。只可惜好景不长，战争结束后，闪电天马队被迫解散，破空与雾轨也只能回到层云堡，失业的他们在这里开了一家小餐馆。
在自治运动闹得最凶的那段时间，餐馆虽没有参与，却也默许这里成为了自治运动的据点。而喷火获胜的当晚，小镇大半的居民都来到这家餐馆，庆祝他们的胜利。从那以后，这家餐馆就成了层云堡的民间会所，居民们在这里聚会、聊天、喝酒，甚至还有一些金额不大的赌博和非法飞行竞赛。
或许，这就是层云堡的诅咒吧——在这里，永远不会有什么大事发生，也不会有什么伟大的英雄或是邪恶的反派诞生。即使是有一两位天赋异禀的飞马，也一定只能在这座默默无闻的小城镇里度过平凡的一生。然而，这真的是件坏事么？在小马国的小马们与自己的同族战争，生活在动荡与恐惧中时，层云堡却似乎处在一个不同的世界。这里的居民们团结和睦，除了必要时会走上街头共同抗议帝国的暴政保卫自治，其他时候大多就像这样，在小餐馆里一起唱着歌跳着舞，仿佛一切困难都可以等到第二天再说。

就在这时，刚刚下了晚班的喷火从市政厅来到了小餐馆。一走进餐馆，民众们就开始欢呼、干杯。等民众安静下来，喷火笑着对大家说：
“很高兴地告诉大家！这次帝国拨给云中城的补贴，层云堡又争取到了3%！”
“好诶！老规矩，今晚餐馆全免单！干杯！” 破空首先举起了酒杯。
“干杯！” 餐馆里的所有小马一起干了一杯。
[en.@desc]
The Stratusburg was even quieter at night than during the day. Under moonlight, the already sparsely populated Stratusburg seemed even more desolate. However, there was one exception — a small diner across from the town hall, where the lights were on.
Although the diner was only a few years old, it had already become a local tradition for the residents of Stratusburg to gather here at night. The owners of the diner become quite wealthy — at least by Stratusburg standards: even the largest commercial empire established in this small town could not compare to a small company on the streets of Manehattan or Las Pegasus.
The founders of the diner were childhood friends, Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail, the only pair of outstanding fliers in the town for decades. When they were both admitted to the Wonderbolts Academy, all residents of the town had taken three days off to celebrate. The residents celebrated the rare geniuses for decades, believing that they would finally change Stratusburg. Unfortunately, the good times did not last long. After the war ended, the Wonderbolts were forced to disband, and Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail had to return to Stratusburg. Unemployed, they opened a small diner here.
During the most turbulent times of the autonomy movement, the diner did not participate, but tacitly allowed it to become a base for the autonomy movement. On the night of Spitfire’s victory, most of the residents came to the diner to celebrate their victory. Since then, the diner has become a popular meeting place for the residents of Stratusburg, where they gather, chat, drink, and even engage in small-scale gambling and illegal flying competitions.
Perhaps, this is the curse of Stratusburg — nothing big ever happens here, and there are no great heroes or villains. Even a few talented fliers can only eventually live an ordinary life in this small town. But is this really a bad thing? While the ponies of Equestria are at war with their own kind, living in turmoil and fear, Stratusburg seems to be in a different world. The residents here are united and harmonious, and except when necessary they take to the streets to protest the Empire’s tyranny and defend their autonomy, most of the time they are just singing and dancing together in the diner, as if all difficulties can wait until tomorrow.

At this moment, Spitfire, who had just finished her shift, arrived at the diner from the town hall. As soon as she entered the diner, the residents began to cheer and toast. When the residents quieted down, Spitfire smiled and said to everyone:
“I’m happy to tell you all! This time, Stratusburg has once again secured our 3% share from the Empire’s subsidy to Cloudsdale!”
“Great! You know the drill, the diner is on the house tonight! Cheers!” Sky Stinger raised his glass first.
“Cheers!” All the ponies in the diner raised their glasses together.
[zh.@o0]
干杯！
[en.@o0]
Cheers!
