[zh.@]
meet with Limestone
[en.@]
ownership of the two sisters’ castle
[zh.@desc]
侍者带着她穿过大厅，来到了宴会所在地，场地上已经有不少生灵了，他们身着华丽的服饰，在萨克斯和铜管的欢快音乐下翩翩起舞，那是萍琪写过的曲调。正当小萍花看的出神时，一个雌驹微笑着朝她挥了挥蹄子，是石青派，她的身旁还簇拥着几个官员和使者，不过，从她的脸上完全看不出任何凶狠的神情，而是一个微笑，表面上单纯的微笑。小萍花来不及多想，赶紧也挥了挥蹄子，石青派走过来揉了揉小萍花的脑袋“瞧瞧，几年不见，都长这么高了”小萍花不知道该说什么，只是简单笑了笑，低头不语。

石青派叹了一口气，“这些年你也肯定受了不少苦吧，你的朋友们还好吗？关于你姐姐和你哥哥的事情.........我很抱歉，但我保证我已经惩罚了那些始作俑者”石青派有意无意的询问着，语气里无意中透露出那股一如既往的凶狠。苹果丽丽想到，如果她对事情丝毫不知，没有与莫丝清香恰巧碰面，同时也没有经历之前所经历的一切的话，说不定此刻已经扑在石青派怀中嚎啕大哭起来，不过，她早已比石青派所认为的要成熟，“谢谢你，石青姐姐，我很好，我的朋友也很好，没想到你这么关照我”苹果丽丽尽量冷静的回复到，随后把自己抱在石青派怀中。石青派再次露出了一个微笑，仿佛得到了一个令她满意的答案。“不管怎么样，最艰难的日子已经过去了，我希望你喜欢今天的宴会，我也很高兴你可以独当一面，你是我们家族即将登上舞台的新星，我希望能把你介绍给这些外宾，因为说不定未来你会成为大洛克维尔新的领导者.......我希望你能留在这里与我一同处理政务，有许多事情可以交给你来完成，我也敢打赌总有一天你会比我更受小马们的欢迎”石青派的话如图晴天霹雳，苹果丽丽一时间惶恐起来，难道石青派已经知道了自己的各种小算盘，所以尝试把她软禁在这里？又或者她确实是真心的，并且想培养自己当下一任？又或许留在石青派身边，观察她是亲自验证她真面目和找到确凿线索的最好办法？


[en.@desc]
The waiter led her through the grand hall to the banquet venue. The place was already filled with many creatures dressed in splendid attire, dancing gracefully to the cheerful tunes of saxophones and brass instruments — melodies written by Pinkie Pie herself.

As Apple Bloom watched in awe, a mare smiled and waved at her — it was Limestone Pie. Several officials and envoys surrounded her, but there was no trace of menace on her face, only a smile — a seemingly simple and harmless smile. Apple Bloom barely had time to think; she quickly waved back. Limestone walked over and ruffled her mane gently.

“Look at you, you’ve grown so much since I last saw you,” Limestone said.

Apple Bloom didn’t know what to say. She just smiled faintly and lowered her head.

Limestone sighed softly. “You must’ve gone through a lot these past years. How are your friends doing? About your sister and brother… I’m truly sorry. But I promise, I’ve already punished those responsible.”

Though her tone sounded casual, there was still that familiar hint of fierceness hidden in her voice.

Apple Bloom thought — if she hadn’t known the truth, if she hadn’t met Moss Fragrance by chance, if she hadn’t gone through everything she did… maybe at this very moment she would’ve thrown herself into Limestone’s embrace and burst into tears. But now, she was far more mature than Limestone believed.

“Thank you, Sister Limestone. I’m fine, and so are my friends. I didn’t expect you to care so much about me,” Apple Bloom replied calmly, then gently hugged Limestone.

Limestone smiled again, as if satisfied with the answer. “No matter what, the hardest days are behind us. I hope you’ll enjoy tonight’s banquet. I’m proud to see you standing on your own now. You’re the rising star of our family, and I want to introduce you to our foreign guests — after all, you might be the next leader of Greater Rockville someday. I’d like you to stay here with me and help handle state affairs. There are many tasks I could entrust to you, and I dare say one day you’ll be even more beloved by ponies than I am.”

Her words struck Apple Bloom like a bolt of lightning. Fear crept into her heart. Did Limestone already know about her secret plans, and now intended to keep her here under soft confinement? Or… was she truly sincere, hoping to nurture her as a successor? Or perhaps staying close to Limestone would be the best way to uncover her true intentions and find solid evidence?

[zh.@o0]
“对.....对不起，石青姐姐......这件事.....太重大了....我需要时间考虑一下”
[en.@o0]
“I… I’m sorry, Sister Limestone… this is such a huge decision… I need some time to think about it.”
[zh.@o1]
“真的吗？谢谢石青姐姐给我这个机会”
[en.@o1]
“Really? Thank you, Sister Limestone, for giving me this opportunity.”