[zh.@]
“茶话会”
[en.@]
“Tea Party”
[zh.@desc]
目前所掌握的一切情报都指向了前任领袖雨晴，目前一切谜团最有可能的解释是：雨晴在任期间与若干局长组成“内部圈子”，建立了“千界俱乐部”。俱乐部成员繁花在雨晴与黄褐的保护下，通过狭关走私东部地区的大量稚马之息。为掩盖这一事实，雨晴使用魔法在狭关地下矿洞制造了一部分受保护的空间，通过一次矿难事故掩盖了这个空间的存在，以此为基地进行了一系列走私活动。青草并非俱乐部的一员，也与俱乐部有着频繁的接触，俱乐部以此染指科学部，进行秘密的研究。而“繁花案”告破后，俱乐部成员焦赭利用他在军队和警察中的关系与影响力，策划了越狱。在狭关矿业重启后，俱乐部又再次策划了矿工的失踪以确保地下空间的魔法封印不被解除。为了掩盖俱乐部的活动，俱乐部的底层成员均在档案中被修改为“死亡”以逃脱警察的调查。这一切，都是“千界俱乐部”的领袖，麒麟社群的前任领袖雨晴指使的。
当警察与调查组到达雨晴家中时，她似乎已经做好了准备，她直接了当的承认了所有罪行，并表示将配合调查组的工作。她的态度让调查组感到困惑。很快，雨晴被带走了。

警察并未逮捕雨晴，而只是“邀请她去警局喝茶”顺带讯问。但即使调查组和警察保持低调、雨晴本身也没有声张，但消息还是很快传开了。“雨晴或成为‘繁花走私案’始作俑者？是严打腐败还是政治迫害？” 这一消息在社群中引发了一场轩然大波。毕竟案件还有太多未解之谜：那些稚马之息究竟去了哪里？繁花的日志中的双边交流和奇怪的符号、名字又是什么意思？千界俱乐部的成员都有谁？而质疑声中最大的声音，也是调查组和秋烨至今没能理解的问题：雨晴的动机是什么？

[en.@desc]
All the intelligence currently available points to the former leader Rain Shine. The most likely explanation for all the mysteries is: former leader of the commune, Rain Shine, during her tenure, formed an “inner circle” with several bureau directors and established “The Club”. Blossom Burst, a memeber of the club, smuggled large amount of foal’s breath from the Eastern Region through the Narrow Gate, under the protection of Rain Shine and Ochre. To cover up of their crimes, Rain Shine used magic to create a protected space in the underground mine of the Narrow Gate, and covered up the existence of this space through a mining accident, using it as a base for a series of smuggling activities. Grass-Green is not a member of the club, but has frequent contact with the club. That’s how the club infiltrated the Science Bureau and conducted secret research. After the “Blossom Burst Smuggling Case” was solved, the club member Burnt Umber used his relationships and influence in the military and police to plan an escape. After the reopening of the Narrow Gate mine, the club planned the disappearance of the miners again to ensure that the magic seal of the underground space was not lifted. To cover up the club’s activities, the lower-level members of the club were all modified in the files as “dead” to escape the police investigation. All of this was instructed by the leader of “The Club”, the former leader of the Kirin commune, Rain Shine.
When the police and the investigation team arrived at Rain Shine’s home, she seemed to be prepared, she directly admitted all the crimes and expressed her willingness to cooperate with the investigation team. Her attitude confused the investigation team. Soon, Rain Shine was taken away.

The police did not arrest Rain Shine, only “inviting her to a tea party at the police station” for questioning. But even though the investigation team and the police kept a low profile, and Rain Shine herself did not make any resistance, the news quickly spread somehow. “Rain Shine may be the mastermind of the ‘Blossom Burst Smuggling Case’? Is it a crackdown on corruption or political persecution?” This news caused a huge stir in the commune. After all, there are still too many unsolved mysteries in the case: where did the foal’s breath go? What do the bilateral exchanges and strange symbols and names in Blossom Burst’s logbook mean? Who are the members of The Club? And the biggest question in the questioning, which the investigation team and Autumn Blaze have not been able to understand: what is Rain Shine’s motive?

[zh.@o0]
疑点重重
[en.@o0]
Many questions remain

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
我们获得了 §Y雨晴的魔法密码§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
We obtained §YRain Shine’s magic password§!
