[zh.@]
火药桶的口供
[en.@]
Testimony of Short Fuse

[zh.@desc]
破空和雾轨亲自赶到了警局，投过那薄薄的云层覆盖着的单向玻璃窗，他们看到了坐在审讯室内的火药桶。火药桶不再像曾经那样张扬易怒，也不知是因为犯了错的愧疚，还是因为谐律主义教育的“成功”，如今的火药桶已经变得沉默寡言，甚至有些畏缩。
还没等破空张口，火药桶已经主动开口：“是... 是我干的... 我真不是故意的... 我也不知道怎么回事——” 眼见火药桶开始要推脱责任，破空立刻一拍桌子：“不知道？是不是闪尘派你来卧底的？” 破空此刻只需要一个名字，只要能够证明火药桶与闪尘依然有着联系，就可以主动出击剿灭淘汰者这股反谐律势力了。又或者，如果火药桶是受到了帝国的指使... 那“重返天空”计划就可以再一次被提上日程。
雾轨见状，从包中拿出之前案发现场玻璃瓶的碎片，递给了破空。破空将其展示给了火药桶，严厉地质问：“你说，这是什么？！”
火药桶看了看玻璃瓶，看了看瞪着他的破空，再看了看眼神中满是失望的雾轨，一时无言以对。雾轨与破空此时就成了好警察-坏警察的经典组合，雾轨走上前去轻轻地拍了拍火药桶的背，“放松。之前玻璃瓶里装的，是‘天马快乐水’吗？如果是的话不要害怕，我们会帮你通过药物治疗这个问题的。”
火药桶看看雾轨，没有敢说话。破空却也不希望这件事从敌对势力策划的暗杀，变成一个“天马快乐水”成瘾的小马的悲剧，于是继续追问：“如果你能说出这瓶子里的‘天马快乐水’是怎么来的，我们就放过你。是不是帝国给你的？还是闪尘给你的？选一个吧！”
“我... 我是从帝国那边拿的！” 火药桶犹豫着说了出来，破空立刻将其记在笔记上。而雾轨却看着火药桶感到困惑，似乎是非常不理解火药桶为什么会和帝国有联系。“你说的是真话吗？” 雾轨继续拍着火药桶的背，用温柔的语气问道。

[en.@desc]
Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail soon rushed to the police station. Through the thin cloud layer covering the one-way glass window, they saw Short Fuse sitting in the interrogation room. He was no longer the flamboyant and irritable pony he used to be. Whether it was due to guilt for his mistakes or the “success” of Harmonism education, Short Fuse had become taciturn and even a bit timid.
Before Sky Stinger could speak, Short Fuse had already opened up: “It was... it was me... I didn’t mean to... I don’t know what happened —” As he began to deflect responsibility, Sky Stinger slammed the table: “You don’t know? Were you sent here on a mission by Lightning Dust?” At this moment, Sky Stinger only needed a name. As long as he could prove that Short Fuse still had ties to Lightning Dust, he could take the initiative to eradicate the Washouts anti-Harmonism force. Or, if Short Fuse was acting on the Empire’s orders... then the “Return to the Sky” plan could be put back on the agenda.
Vapor Trail, seeing this, took out the glass shards from the bottle at the crime scene and gave them to Sky Stinger. He then displayed them to Short Fuse and sternly questioned, “Tell me, what is this?!”
Short Fuse looked at the glass shards, then at Sky Stinger glaring at him, and finally at Vapor Trail, whose eyes were filled with disappointment. He was momentarily speechless. Vapor Trail and Sky Stinger had now become the classic good cop-bad cop duo. Vapor Trail stepped forward and gently patted Short Fuse’s back, “Relax. Before it shattered, was the bottle filled with ‘Pegasus Joy Juice’? If it was, don’t be afraid. We will help you through drug treatment for this problem.”
Short Fuse looked at Vapor Trail but didn’t dare to speak. Sky Stinger, however, didn’t want this incident to turn from an assassination orchestrated by hostile forces into a tragedy of a single pony addicted to “Pegasus Joy Juice”, so he continued to press: “If you can tell us where the ‘Pegasus Joy Juice’ in this bottle came from, we will let you go. Did the Empire give it to you? Or did Lightning Dust give it to you? Choose one!”
“I... I got it from the Empire!”, Short Fuse hesitated and finally said it. Sky Stinger immediately noted it down. Vapor Trail, however, looked at Short Fuse in confusion, seemingly unable to understand why he would have any connection with the Empire. “Are you telling the truth?” Vapor Trail continued to pat Short Fuse’s back, asking in a gentle tone.

[zh.@o0]
“...”
[en.@o0]
“...”