[zh.@]
后台通行 · 下
[en.@]
Backstage Pass · II

[zh.@desc]
“砰——”
随着一声清脆而震耳欲聋的响声，会场的绿色火焰熄灭，闪尘与滚雷也在终点线处停下了他们的表演。
“发生什么事了？” 火药桶大喊着问道。他看向终点处的闪尘与滚雷，她们俩还没来得及拿出她们的蹄铳。

巨大的声响并非来自于蹄铳，而是来自于后台... 原来，早在演出开始前，喷火已经秘密安排一队层云堡警察突袭了“淘汰者”的后台。在后台，他们发现了各种危险道具、一些爆炸马芬、许多廷马克图水晶首饰和淘汰者与帝国的联系记录。

爆炸马芬与云中城反馈的样品一致，这意味着淘汰者就是造成云中城马芬爆炸事件的罪魁祸首。虽然因为没有造成伤亡，这不至于将他们关入大牢，但至少已经有了足够的理由将他们赶出层云堡。

廷马克图水晶首饰都是滚雷的个马收藏，这似乎是合法的购买，也并没有转售的迹象。滚雷将她的积蓄几乎都换成了这些首饰，似乎不是很符合一个寻求刺激不顾身外之物的淘汰者形象。但无论如何，这违反了喷火的廷马克图水晶禁售令，因此喷火选择了没收这些首饰。

而淘汰者与帝国的联系则表明... 已经有身份不明的小马利亚帝国的特工进入了层云堡。

当闪尘等淘汰者被层云堡警察带走时，闪尘与喷火的目光再次交叉，这一次，双方都没有说话，然而都在偷笑。似乎他们都认为对方并没有意识到自己的秘密。
[en.@desc]
“Bang!”
With a sharp, deafening crack, the green flames of the arena die out. Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder come to a stop at the finish line, their performance cut short.
“What’s going on?” Short Fuse shouts. He looks towards Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder at the finish line, who haven’t had a chance to pull out their hoofguns.

The loud noise doesn’t come from the hoofguns, but from backstage... It turns out that long before the show began, Spitfire had secretly arranged for a group of Stratusburg police to raid the Washouts’ backstage. There, they found various dangerous props, some exploding muffins, many Timbucktu crystal jewelry, and records of the Washouts’ and the Empire’s connections.

The exploding muffins match the samples from Cloudsdale, which means that the Washouts are the culprits behind the Cloudsdale muffin explosion incident. Although no casualties were caused, this is not enough to put them in prison, but at least there is enough reason to drive them out of Stratusburg.

The Timbucktu crystal jewelry is Rolling Thunder’s own collection, which seems to be a legal purchase and shows no signs of resale. Rolling Thunder has almost all of her savings exchanged for these jewelry, which doesn’t seem to fit the image of a Washout seeking excitement regardless of material possessions. But in any case, this violates Spitfire’s ban on the sale of Timbucktu crystal, so Spitfire chooses to confiscate these jewelry.

And the Washouts’ connection to the Empire shows... that unidentified agents of the Empire have entered Stratusburg.

As Lightning Dust and the other Washouts are taken away by the Stratusburg police, Lightning Dust and Spitfire’s eyes meet again. This time, neither side speaks, but both laugh inside. It seems that neither of them realized the other’s secret.

[zh.@o0]
精彩的表演
[en.@o0]
Remarkable Performance
