[zh.@]
新元年
[en.@]
Jahr Null
[zh.@desc]
“自‘新元年’开始，小马利亚将会成为一片秩序、和平与繁荣的土地。”——《女皇和煦、女王邪茧与领主提雷克的伟大联合宣言》
1002年12月24日，暖炉节前夕，三巨头重聚首于坎特洛特，对三年间各自领地的管理情况进行了交流，并针对缓和边境争端、联合打击恐怖组织、保护各方粮食安全、应对气候变化等三方关切的诸多议题交换了意见。会议重申，坚持小马-幻形灵-半人马三族友好不动摇，坚持贯彻落实《坎特洛特协定》精神，共同迈向美好的未来。
值得注意的是，应对气候变化成为此次会晤一个新兴但十分重要的议题：自终末之战后，风之魔持续盘旋于小马利亚上空已经有三年之久，其所导致的全球变冷对各个生物的生产和生活构成严重的挑战。恰逢暖炉节，和煦光流女皇指出：“小马设立的暖炉节源于民间自发，初衷是宣传团结合作的理念，以期对抗风之魔。实践表明，暖炉节并没有起到应有的团结小马、对抗风之魔的作用，反而成为以星光熠熠为首的诸多旧谐律势力借题发挥攻击小马利亚帝国政府合法性的工具。”和煦光流女皇随后提议取消暖炉节，更换为新的节日。邪茧女王对这一提议表示赞同，“幻形灵庆祝暖炉节的习俗源自于战犯暮光闪闪的教唆，是小马对幻形灵的一次文化输出，不符合小马和幻形灵友好、平等相处的现实情况”。提雷克大王则建议新节日为“新元年”，以纪念在三巨头领导下小马利亚迈入一个新的时代；提雷克大王也强调，节日设立的目的，应该以增强团结和强调安全为主基调。和煦光流女皇与邪茧女王表示赞同。
[en.@desc]
“Since the beginning of the ‘Year Zero’, Equestria will become a land of order, peace and prosperity.” - “The Great Joint Declaration of Empress Cozy, Queen Chrysalis and Lord Tirek”
December 24th, 1002, the Hearth’s Warming Eve, the Big Three reunited in Canterlot. They exchanged views on the management of their respective territories in the past three years, and discussed ways to ease border disputes, jointly combat terrorist organizations, protect food security for all parties, and they exchanged views on many issues of concern to the three parties, including addressing climate change. The meeting reiterated that the three tribes of ponies, changelings and centaurs will remain unswerving in their friendship, adhere to the spirit of the Canterlot Pact, and move towards a better future together.
It is worth noting that addressing climate change has become an emerging yet very important topic at this meeting: since the end of the Ultimate Battle, the Windigos have been hovering over Equestria for three years, and the global cooling it has caused has had a large impact on the world. The production and life of various creatures pose serious challenges. Coinciding with the Hearth’s Warming Festival, Empress Cozy Glow pointed out: “The Hearth’s Warming Festival originated from the initiative of the ponies. The original intention was to promote the concept of unity and cooperation in order to fight against the Windigos. Practice has shown that the Hearth’s Warming Festival did not achieve the desired goal of unity against the Windigos. On the contrary, it has instead become a tool for many old-harmonism forces, led by Starlight Glimmer, to attack the legitimacy of the Equestria Empire’s government.” Empress Cozy Glow then proposed to cancel the Hearth’s Warming Festival and replace it with a new festival. Queen Chrysalis agreed with this proposal, saying: “The custom of changelings celebrating Hearth’s Warming Festival originated from the instigation of war criminal Twilight Sparkle. It is a cultural invasion to the changelings done by the ponies, and is not in line with the friendship between ponies and changelings, nor with the reality of ponies and changelings living together as equals.” Lord Tirek suggested that the new holiday should be called “Year Zero” to commemorate that Equestria has entered a new era under the leadership of the Big Three. Lord Tirek also emphasized that the purpose of the holiday should be to enhance unity and emphasize safety. Empress Cozy Glow and Queen Chrysalis agreed.
[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
[zh.@o1]
胡扯！
[en.@o1]
Nonsense!

[zh.@THREAT]
暖炉节的取消
[en.@THREAT]
Cancellation of the Hearth’s Warming Festival