[zh.@]
军事压力
[en.@]
Military Pressure
[zh.@desc]
一名帝国军官走下小轿，叼着烟斗，向着层云堡市政厅走去，身后是十几名持枪的士兵。当他走到门前，守卫拦住了他，军官不悦地看了看他们：“你们看不出来我是谁吗？叫喷火下来，现在。”
“我们知道您是帝国的军官，但层云堡是自治领，您不能随意进入。您有预约吗？” 一名层云堡守卫坚定地说道。
军官非常不满，举起蹄子，一瞬间，他手下的几十名士兵举起了枪，指向了守卫。守卫们面对着枪口，没有退缩，反而直起身子，继续挡在军官面前。

这时，喷火从二楼的阳台走了出来，居高临下地看着帝国军官：“我是帝国任命的自治领市长，想要谈的话，叫和煦或者花花短裤来找我，你们这些人，级别还不够。”
帝国军官看着喷火，脸色阴沉：“哈，层云堡这种小地方，还真把自己当回事了。征兵的事喷火你也早就知道了，你知道我是来干嘛的。这么多年了帝国都没有提出什么要求，你们却一直在拿着帝国的财政补贴。”
喷火转过身去，甚至不再看着军官：“叫你的士兵先把枪放下，即使是帝国军队，如果在自治领内开枪，我们也有权利依法击毙。”
听到这话，军官冷笑一声：“层云堡只不过是仗着帝国热爱和平，懒得管你们，现在是战争时期了，再不听话，我们不介意把这个小垃圾堡全部炸完。喷火，如果你还不知道，那我告诉你，我已经安排了三个帝国师在边境上，只要我一声令下，他们就会立即进攻，你们这个小地方，能抵挡多久？即使不爆发战争，包围你们三个月，你们也不得不投降。”

听到这话，喷火回过头来看着军官，无奈地说道：“那我们确实抵抗不了多久，你们要征多少兵？你也知道我们这个小垃圾堡没多少小马。”
看到喷火态度缓和，军官立马摆出得意的姿态：“帝国要的是态度，十只小马也好，二十只小马也好，但我今天必须要带走一批。”
喷火突然笑了出来，回应：“好，那我这就向女皇报告，说军官你在战争时期私自将三个帝国师调离前线三个月，成功征兵小马二十只？”
[en.@desc]
An imperial officer gets off his palanquin, smoking a pipe, and heads towards the city hall of Stratusburg. Behind him are a dozen soldiers holding guns. When he reaches the door, the guards stop him. The officer looks at them displeasedly, “Can’t you see who I am? Call Spitfire, let her come down, now.”
“We know you are an imperial officer, but Stratusburg is an autonomous territory. You can’t enter at will. Do you have an appointment?” A Stratusburg guard says firmly.
The officer is very dissatisfied. He raises his hoof, and in an instant, dozens of soldiers under his command raise their guns, pointing them at the guards. The guards face the muzzles without flinching, standing straight and continuing to block the officer.

At this moment, Spitfire walks out from the balcony on the second floor, looking down at the imperial officer, “I am an empire-appointed dominion governer. If you want to talk, call Cozy Glow or Fancy Pants and let them talk to me. You guys are not high enough in rank.”
The imperial officer looks at Spitfire, his face darkening, “Huh, Stratusburg, this small place, really thinks highly of itself. Spitfire, you are aware of the conscription matter, you know why I’m here. The empire hasn’t made any demands for so many years, but you’ve been taking the empire’s financial subsidies.”
Spitfire turns around and doesn’t even look at the officer anymore, “Tell your soldiers to put down their guns first. Even if it’s the imperial army, if they shoot in our dominion’s autonomous territory, we have the right to lawfully shoot you dead.”
Hearing this, the officer sneers, “Stratusburg is just relying on the empire’s love for peace and can’t be bothered with you. Now that it’s wartime, if you don’t listen, we don’t mind blowing up this little trash burg. Spitfire, I’ll warn you in case you don’t know, I’ve arranged for three imperial divisions at the border. As soon as I give the order, they will immediately attack. How long can you resist this small place? Even if we don’t start a war but siege for three months, you will have to surrender.”

Hearing this, Spitfire turns back to look at the officer, helplessly saying, “Indeed, we can’t resist for long. How many troops do you want to conscript? You know we don’t have many ponies in this little trash burg.”
Seeing Spitfire’s attitude soften, the officer immediately puts on a smug posture, “The empire wants an attitude. Whether it’s ten ponies or twenty ponies, I must take a batch with me today.”
Spitfire suddenly laughs and responds, “Alright, I’ll report to the Empress now. I’ll say that during the war, the officer transferred three imperial divisions away from the front line without authorization for three months and successfully conscripted twenty ponies for the army?”
[zh.@o0]
额...
[en.@o0]
Emm...
