[zh.@]
对照组
[en.@]
Control Group

[zh.@desc]
“成功了！”
新天气实验室中的研究者们看着纸带上的数据激动地欢呼着 —— 纸带上的一个个用木炭黑烧出的黑点，此刻对他们来说却像太阳一般光明 —— 那是从天气工厂那边传输来的温度测量数据。庆祝声还尚未结束，更加热烈的喧闹声在实验室中爆发开来：借着实验的成功，研究小组内的一只小马向他暗恋已久的同事表白了。

“就像我们的实验一样，只要我们在一起，就能创造出奇迹”
小马说着，举起一束花。在他们的背后，纸带上的黑点依然在滚动，纸带转译员用木炭将+1.8抄写在实验室的玻璃板上 —— 他们的新生产线开工后，天气工厂地区的温度已经上升了1.8度。数年前，随着风之魔活动加剧和闪电天马队的解散，天气工厂的产能不再足以维持温暖；新生的坎特洛特政权此时也在与北方的冰雪之国交战。于是，和煦光流下令合并天气工厂与天气实验室，设立小马利亚帝国气象局，合作研究如何提高温度。只不过，气象局设立不久后，天气工厂的工马暴动就将这一项目几乎完全中断，天气实验室也在暴动中被破坏。直到喷火上台，重建天气实验室，双方的交流与研究才开始慢慢恢复。

“我想让我们的爱像新的生产线一样，永远热烈温暖；我想让我们的生活像纸带上的数据一样，越来越好！你... 愿意做我的女朋友吗？” 小马说着，将花递了上去；对面的同事也早已泪流满面。背后的玻璃板上，转译员又写下了数字+3.3。

“我愿意！”
此刻，连一直坚守职责的转译员看到这个画面也没有能忍住情绪，抓过纸带开始向天气工厂那边传输文字的编码信息：“天气实验室这边有小马表白了！~” 发完信息，转译员看着还在跳动的纸带，转身在玻璃板中写下了数字+5.6。很快，纸带停止了跳动，随后，天气工厂那边也开始传来文字的编码信息。应该是祝福语吧！转译员一把撤下新的纸带，开始转译上面黑点上的信息。

“天气工厂，祝二位 —— 额... 的长颈鹿鬃毛不会运输粉色的甜甜圈... 嗯？” 转译员看着纸带上的信息，一脸懵逼。随后他恍然大悟，纸带装反了！他赶忙将纸带正过来重新转译，这次，纸带上的信息是不堪入目的咒骂。

今夜的天气工厂，工马们在比原来低7度多的寒风中瑟瑟发抖。

[en.@desc]
“We did it!”
The researchers in the new weather lab cheered excitedly as they looked at the data on the paper tape — the dots burned with charcoal on the paper tape was black, but to them it was as bright and shining as the sun — those are the temperature measurement data transmitted from the weather factory. The celebration had not yet ended, and a more enthusiastic noise erupted in the lab: at the success of the experiment, a pony in the research group confessed to his colleague whom he had secretly admired for a long time.

“Just like our experiment, as long as we are together, we can create miracles.”
He said, holding up a bouquet of flowers. Behind them, the black dots on the paper tape were still rolling, and the paper tape transcriber wrote +1.8 on the glass board in the lab with charcoal — the temperature in the weather factory area had risen by 1.8 degrees since their new production line started. Years ago, as the activities of the Windigo intensified and the Wonderbolts disbanded, the production capacity of the weather factory was no longer sufficient to maintain warmth; the newly established Canterlot regime was also at war with the northern empire of ice and snow. Therefore, Cozy Glow ordered the merger of the weather factory and the weather lab, and established the Equestria Meteorological Bureau to cooperate in research on how to raise the temperature. However, shortly after the establishment of the Meteorological Bureau, the riot of workponies at the weather factory almost completely destroyed the collaboration project, leaving the weather lab in ruins. It was not until Spitfire took office, rebuilt the weather lab, that the communication and research between the two sides slowly resumed.

“I want our love to be as warm and passionate as the new production line; I want our life to be better and better like the dots on the paper tape! Will you... be my girlfriend?” The pony said, handing over the flowers; his lover opposite him was already in tears. Behind them, the transcriber wrote down the number +3.3.

“I do!”
At this moment, even the transcriber who had been sticking to his duties could not help but be emotional when he saw this scene. He grabbed the paper tape and began to transmit the coded information to the weather factory: “A pony in the weather lab just confessed!~” After sending the message, the transcriber looked at the still jumping paper tape, turned around and wrote down the number +5.6 on the glass board. Soon, the paper tape stopped jumping, and then the weather factory began to transmit coded information. It must be their blessing to the couple! The transcriber took down the new paper tape and began to transcribe the information on the black dots.

“Weather factory, we wish you — uh... your giraffe’s mane will not transport pink donuts... Huh?” The transcriber looked at the information on the paper tape, confused. Then he suddenly realized that the paper tape was upside down! He quickly turned the paper tape over and transcribed it again, this time the information on the paper tape was a vulgar curse.

Tonight at the weather factory, the workponies shivered in the cold wind that was 7 degrees lower than before.

[zh.@o0]
冰箱轶事 —— 一对情侣科学家
[en.@o0]
Refrigerator anecdote — a scientist couple
