[zh.@]
魔术改进
[en.@]
Magic Improvement
[zh.@desc]
那次失败的魔术表演之后，特丽克西公爵在街头的称呼，从不同小马口中的“特丽克西”、“公爵殿下”、“伟大又全能的特丽克西”等等，统一变成了“三流魔术师特丽克西”。

特丽克西并不是那种会在乎其他小马嘲笑的小马，往日里的她应该会嘴硬并阴阳怪气那些嘲笑她的小马，并挑战他们问他们敢不敢来看自己的下一场，更伟大，更全能的魔术表演。而这次，她却没有这样做。她花了很长时间才摆脱了那股莫名的烦躁，重新继续正常生活、工作、研究魔术。
只是因为那次失败么？特丽克西想，也许她的整个生活也如那次魔术表演一模一样——小心翼翼地做好每一件事的同时还要隐藏自己，对观众隐藏，对帝国的间谍隐藏。在这之外，她还需要躲避那个不能提起的名字，和躲避自己的过去。如果这样的类比成立的话，估计她的命运也会在将来某一天绊倒在地上吧。

但是如果不去考虑那么长远而虚无缥缈的所谓“命运”，改进魔术把戏对于特丽克西来说则是小菜一碟。一天，当她回到马车，解开衣服，取下自己从鞍拉伯买来的胸针的时候，看着那本属于一对胸针中的一只，她想起曾经在宝石王国的杂志上看到过一种暗号，通信双方通过佩戴宝石首饰的不同位置、角度、佩戴方式，向对方传达信息。如果她和天琴的小纸条换成通过首饰的反光来传达数字的话，也许就不会被发现了吧。

“我真是个伟大又全能的天才——”
[en.@desc]
After the failed magic show, Duchess Trixie’s street name, from “Trixie”, “Her Grace”, “The Great and Powerful Trixie” and so on, was unified into “Third-class Magician Trixie”.

Trixie is not the kind of pony who cares about the ridicule of other ponies. In the past, she should have been tough and sarcastic to those who ridiculed her, and challenged them to see her next, greater, more powerful magic show. But this time, she didn’t. It took her a long time to get rid of the inexplicable irritability, and to continue her normal life, work, and magic research.
Just because of that failure? Trixie thought, maybe her whole life is like that magic show — carefully doing everything well while hiding herself, hiding from the audience, hiding from the spies of the Empire. Beyond that, she also needs to avoid the name that cannot be mentioned, and avoid her own past. If this analogy is established, some day in the future of her fate, she will probably trip over and fell to the ground as well.

But if she don’t consider the long-term and elusive so-called “fate”, improving the magic trick is a piece of cake for Trixie. One day, when she returned to the wagon, untied her clothes, and took off the brooch she bought from the Saddle Arabia, the one which once belonged to a pair of brooches, she remembered that she had seen a kind of code in a magazine in Diamondia, where the two parties communicated by wearing gemstone jewelry in different positions, angles, and ways. If she and Lyra’s little notes were replaced by conveying numbers through the reflection of jewelry, maybe she wouldn’t be discovered.

“I am really such a great and powerful genius —”
[zh.@o0]
“——你说对吧，星光？”
[en.@o0]
“— am I right, Starlight?”
