[zh.@]
飞入飓风
[en.@]
Into the Hurricane
[zh.@desc]
“首先，我们要在此为仍在昏迷中的喷火送去祝福。” 闪尘清了清嗓子，对着观众们讲道。在独角山脉靠近云中城一侧，“淘汰者”正在组织新一次演出 — 自闪尘宣布参与层云堡补缺选举以来的第一次。虽说他们的演出曾经只有少数叛逆幼驹或者非主流飞马喜欢，这一次却坐满了西装革履的天马政客，显然这已经不止是一次演出了。也正因如此，即使是谁都知道闪尘与喷火关系不和，但在这个时候闪尘还是不得不为喷火美言了几句。
“喷火的遭遇是不幸的，但我们必须继续前进。层云堡的补缺选举，既是一次考验，也是一次机会。是属于我们天马的机会...”
随后，闪尘讲起了天马古城 — 廷马克图，这里曾是天马们的骄傲，却在虫茧女王的进攻下毁灭。闪尘将其归咎于安逸：那些水晶生意带来的富庶让曾经在云层中翱翔的天马们忘记了自己的使命，收起翅膀在城邦中生活了下来，在一代代的安逸中失去了飞翔的勇气。而闪尘 — 自称是廷马克图的遗嗣 — 不愿看到千年后的天马们再重复历史的悲剧。随后，闪尘预告了其竞选纲领的最主要项目：飓风计划。
闪尘计划整合整个层云堡与云中城，建立一个专属于天马们的巨大的“飞行训练营”，她称呼为新廷马克图。在那里，决定天马们生活的将只有飞行的速度与高度，而不是财富的数量或是官职的高低；在那里，天马们将在飞翔中获得一切，而不是在地面上、在风之魔的阴影中苟且偷生；在那里，天马们将用自己创造的“飓风”守卫自己的家园。具体地，闪尘拿出了天气实验室曾经的若干科研提案：通过飓风发电的研究、通过飓风驱散风之魔的研究、飓风的军事化研究、飓风与天马飞行能力的结合研究...
“... 我们决定飞入飓风。我们决定在几年内飞入飓风，并实现更多梦想。并非它们轻而易举，而正是因为它们困难重重。因为这个目标将促进我们实现最佳的组织并测试我们顶尖的技术和力量，因为这个挑战我们乐于接受，因为这个挑战我们不愿推迟，因为这个挑战我们志在必得，其他的挑战也是如此。”
[en.@desc]
“First of all, we must send our blessings to the still unconscious Spitfire.” Lightning Dust cleared her throat and spoke to the audience. Beside the Unicorn Mountain, near Cloudsdale, the “Washouts” were organizing a new performance — the first since Lightning Dust announced her candidacy for the Stratusburg by-election. Although their performances used to be enjoyed only by a few rebellious foals or some minority pegasi, this time it was filled with well-dressed pegasi politicians, clearly indicating that this was more than just a performance. Also because of this, even though everypony knew that Lightning Dust and Spitfire had a bad relationship, she still had to say a few good words for Spitfire at this moment.
“What happened to Spitfire is unfortunate, but we must move on. The by-election in Stratusburg is both a test and an opportunity. It is an opportunity for us pegasi...”
Then, Lightning Dust talked about the ancient Pegasi city of Timbucktu, which was once the pride of the pegasi but was destroyed by Queen Chrysalis’s attack. Lightning Dust blamed it on complacency: the wealth brought by the crystal business made the pegasi, who once soared in the clouds, forget their mission and live in the city with their wings folded, losing their courage to fly through generations of comfort. And Lightning Dust — who claimed to be a descendant of Timbucktu — did not want to see pegasi repeating the tragic history now after a thousand years. Then, she announced the most important item of her campaign program: the Hurricane plan.
Lightning Dust planned to integrate all of Stratusburg and Cloudsdale, establishing a huge “flight training camp” exclusively for pegasi, which she called the New Timbucktu. A place where, the only things that would determine pegasi’s lives would be the speed and height of their flight, not the amount of wealth or the rank of their positions; a place where, pegasi would gain everything through flying, not by struggling on the ground under the shadow of the Windigos; a place where, pegasi would guard their homeland with the “Hurricane” they created themselves. Specifially, Lightning Dust presented several research proposals from the Weather Laboratory: research on generating electricity through hurricanes, research on dispersing Windigos with hurricanes, militarization of hurricanes, and the combination of hurricanes and pegasi flying abilities...
“... We choose to fly into the hurricane. We choose to fly into the hurricane in a few yaers and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard; because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.”

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay


[zh.@TOOLTIP]
解锁§Y枪声之后§!中的§R限时§!决议：§Y阻止淘汰者巡回演出§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
Unlock §Rtimed§! decison in §YAfter the Gunfire§!: §YProhibit the Washouts Tour§!
