[zh.@]
模范学员
[en.@]
The Model Student

[zh.@desc]
几个月过去，火药桶像是已经完全变成了另一只小马 — 就在今天中午，专心计算餐馆本月收支的雾轨飞行时不小心撞倒了火药桶，将他推到了一大桶马芬糖浆中。雾轨吓坏了，连连向满身裹着糖浆的火药桶道歉，但他却只是自己从桶中爬了出来，什么也没说便离开了。
火药桶不再是暴脾气了。餐馆的员工们惊讶地讨论着这一变化。破空正在准备为火药桶颁发模范学员奖牌；破空则将火药桶的变化报告给了喷火。“这是谐律主义教育成功的一次模板案例！” 破空在报告中这样写到。不过，破空的任务也并未完成：有员工反映火药桶并没怎么认真看那些谐律主义教材，最近的精神似乎也并不好，有些呆滞木讷，时常感到困倦。破空联想到之前与火药桶的交流中他每次总会带着一瓶红酒，不由得担心火药桶是否染上了酗酒的毛病，甚至有可能是接触了成瘾性的“天马快乐水”。
总之，火药桶的积极变化是有目共睹的，还差最后一个测试，这位模范学员就可以顺利毕业了 —— 他那唯利是图的毛病改好了么？接下来，喷火会假称因为第一年的马芬订单没有回报，因此没有火药桶的奖金，看看他的反应如何（实际上喷火与破空已经商量好了自掏腰包为火药桶准备了丰厚的奖金）。

[en.@desc]
Months have passed, and Short Fuse is like a completely different pony now. Just this afternoon, while Vapor Trail was calculating the restaurant’s income and expenses, she accidentally knocked Short Fuse into a large barrel of muffin syrup. Vapor Trail was terrified and kept apologizing to Short Fuse who was covered in syrup, but he just climbed out of the barrel and left without saying a word.
Short Fuse is no longer hot-tempered. The restaurant staff were surprised by this change. Vapor Trail is preparing to award Short Fuse the Model Student medal, while Sky Stinger is reporting Short Fuse’s change to Spitfire. “This is a successful showcase of Harmonism education!” Sky Stinger wrote in the report. However, Sky Stinger’s task is not yet complete: some employees have reported that Short Fuse hasn’t been taking the Harmonism textbooks seriously, and his recent spirit doesn’t seem to be good. He appears dull and lethargic, and often feels tired. Sky Stinger remembered that Short Fuse always brought a bottle of wine whenever they talked, and couldn’t help but worry that Short Fuse might have developed a drinking problem, or even worse, might have come into contact with the addictive “Pegasus Joy Juice”.
In any case, Short Fuse’s positive change is obvious, and he just needs to pass one final test to graduate as a model student — Is he still greedy for money now? Next, Spitfire will tell Short Fuse that he won’t be getting a bonus this year because the muffin orders from the first year was unpaid, and see how he reacts (in fact, Spitfire and Sky Stinger have already prepared a generous bonus for Short Fuse out of their own pockets).

[zh.@o0]
有趣
[en.@o0]
Interesting
