[zh.@]
青草的审判
[en.@]
Grass-Green’s Trial
[zh.@desc]
最终，“繁花案”的幕后主使 —— 青草，被送上了法庭。他用来证明自己清白的实验日志反而成为了定罪的依据：虽然所有的稚马之息都被清晰记录，但其他花卉的记录却不甚模糊。
青草承认自己与狭关的繁花有着数年的秘密合作。虽然他声称与走私无关，调查组和法官都认为他将稚马之息伪装成普通花卉走私出境。在质问下，青草被迫承认自己讲花卉运送出境给独角兽仙境，但坚持只是普通花卉而非稚马之息，并且自己也并未从中盈利。
法官疑惑地询问青草的动机：为什么要将，稚马之息也好普通花卉也罢，冒着违反法律的危险，无偿赠送给独角兽仙境？青草却保持沉默拒绝做出任何回答。
最终，法庭判决青草有罪，念及他对麒麟族农业的突出贡献，判决青草没收全部所得，暂时关押于险崇峰罪犯劳动教育所。青草自相矛盾的坦诚与沉默，让判决结果成为了全国热议的话题。有反对者认为，他拒绝回答动机，不配合调查，不应该被减刑；也有阴谋论者认为，青草背后还有更大的势力禁止他透露真相，甚至可能是境外势力——独角兽仙境的高层。


[en.@desc]
At the very end, the mastermind behind the “Blossom Case” — Grass-Green, was brought to court. The experiment logs he used to prove her innocence became the basis for her conviction: although all the foal’s breath was clearly recorded, the records of other flowers were rather vague.
Grass-Green admitted that he had a secret cooperation with Blossom Burst in Narrow Gate for several years. Although he claimed that it was not related to smuggling, the investigation team and the judge believed that he disguised the foal’s breath as ordinary flowers for smuggling out of the country. Under questioning, Grass-Green was forced to admit that he transported flowers out of the country to Unicornia, but insisted that they were ordinary flowers rather than foal’s breath, and he did not profit from it either.
The judge asked Grass-Green about her motives: why would he, whether it was foal’s breath or ordinary flowers, take the risk of breaking the law and give them to Unicornia for free? Grass-Green remained silent and refused to answer.
In the end, the court ruled Grass-Green guilty. Considering her outstanding contributions to the Kirin agricultural community, the verdict only confiscated all her earnings and temporarily detained her in the Peaks of Peril Criminal Labor Education Center. Grass-Green’s contradictory candor and silence made the verdict a hot topic of discussion nationwide. Opponents believed that he did not deserve a reduced sentence because he refused to answer her motives and cooperate with the investigation; conspiracy theorists believed that there were larger forces behind Grass-Green that prevented her from revealing the truth, and it might even be foreign forces — the high-level officials of Unicornia.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay