[zh.@]
烂尾贷款
[en.@]
Bad Debt

[zh.@desc]
今天，克鲁格镇内战宣告结束，卡珀率领的小镇居民团与自由小马利亚支持的克鲁格民主运动一同守住了克鲁格镇。
眼见胜利无望，维可再一次施展了他的灵活技巧。维可选择向自由小马利亚有条件头像，带着从帝国财政部借来的余下的贷款逃到了自由小马利亚换取了政治庇护。而被敲诈了两笔贷款的帝国财政部，也只得悻悻地撤回。克鲁格镇的居民们再一次保卫了自己的家园与自由，但却也只得担忧地看着已经破碎的家园。好在，克鲁格民主运动完成了它的使命，与小镇居民团合并，克鲁格镇在自由小马利亚的支持下改组为克鲁格共和国，由卡珀继续出任民主领袖。自由小马利亚也对其打开了市场，向新成立的克鲁格共和国提供了大量的援助，帮助他们重建家园。
经此一役，自由小马利亚不仅证明自己有能力干涉一个地区的内战并扶植一个新的民主政权，也成功让艾里斯峰条约组织再添一员。帝国财政部承担的贷款引发了帝国的恐慌，甚至让洛马基的市场也剧烈震动。和煦女皇召开紧急会议以应对“南方的威胁”。而其他国家则陷入死一般的寂静，他们意识到自由小马利亚不是什么“旧小马国的残片”，而是一个潜力能与过去的风暴帝国相提并论的存在。
[en.@desc]
Today, the civil war in Kluge Town has come to an end. Capper, leading the Town Residents’ Group, together with the Kluge Democratic Movement supported by Free Equestria, have successfully defended Kluge Town.
Seeing no paths to victory, Verko once again displayed his flexibility. Verko chose to conditionally surrender to Free Equestria, taking the remaining loan from the Empire’s Treasury Department and fled to Free Equestria in exchange for political asylum. The Empire’s Ministry of Finance, which had been extorted for two loans, had no choice but to withdraw. The residents of Kluge Town once again defended their homes and freedom, but could only watch their shattered homes with worries for their future. Fortunately, the Kluge Democratic Movement completed its mission, merged with the Town Residents’ Group, and reorganized Kluge Town into the Kluge Republic under the support of Free Equestria. Capper continued to serve as the democratic leader. Free Equestria also opened its market to the newly established Kluge Republic, providing them with a large amount of aid to help them rebuild their homes.
From this war, Free Equestria not only proved its ability to intervene in a regional civil war and install a new democratic regime, but also successfully added a new member to the Mount Aris Treaty Organization. The loans taken by the EEMF caused panic in the Empire, and even shook the market in Las Pegasus. Empress Cozy Glow called an emergency meeting to deal with the “threat from the south”. Other countries fell into a deathly silence, realizing that Free Equestria was not just a “remnant of the old Equestria”, but a potential power that could one day rival the former Storm Empire.

[zh.@o0]
自由得到了捍卫
[en.@o0]
Freedom is Defended
