[zh.@]
愤怒与烈火
[en.@]
Anger and Fire
[zh.@desc]
当石青派关上舱门后，痊愈铂金沉默不语，只是用蹄势指挥别的小马开始运转机器，他之前已经劝说过石青派无数次了，但是石青派已经变了，她很少再愿意倾听别的小马的意见。大量沸腾的药水开始灌注入仓内，石青派顿时感觉浑身像被火灼烧的一样疼，她沉没在魔药中，无法呼吸，每一滴药水都在尝试撕开她的皮肤进入她的体内，剧痛让她几乎失去了知觉，恍惚间，她再次见到了火岩派和云母，还有她的妹妹。“或许，这就是我的终点了吧”，她这样想着，昏昏沉沉，她闭上了眼睛.
然而，她又看到了在烈火中焚烧的采石农场和坎特洛特，她仿佛又一次听见了那个女皇令她作呕的腔调，声音越来越近，贴到了她的耳边，“如果要死，那么我也要你陪葬”石青派没有任何犹豫，伸出蹄子挥舞向那个声音的源头，再将可西光辉踩在脚下前，她没有资格离开。当石青派再次猛然睁开眼睛，发现她正躺在病床上，她窗外的阳光正注视着她。她巡视着自己的内心，感觉一部分已经缺失了，被另外一种熟悉的东西代替。她相信，她最后的软弱已经被永远留在了那个灌注仓内，而正是仇恨让她得以幸存，并能够带着全体小马前进。

[en.@desc]
When Limestone Pie closed the hatch, Platinum Cure remained silent, merely gesturing for the other ponies to start the machinery. He had tried to persuade her countless times before, but she had changed; she was seldom willing to listen to others anymore. A torrent of boiling potion began to pour into the chamber, and Limestone felt as if her entire body were being seared by fire. She was submerged in the magical brew, unable to breathe, each drop attempting to tear through her skin and enter her body. The excruciating pain nearly caused her to lose consciousness. In her dazed state, she once again saw Fire Rock and Mica, as well as her sister.

"Perhaps this is my end," she thought, her mind clouded, and she closed her eyes.

However, she then saw the rock farm and Canterlot burning in flames. She seemed to hear once more the nauseating tone of that Empress, the voice growing nearer, whispering in her ear, "If you're going to die, then I want you to be buried with me."

Without hesitation, Limestone extended her hoof and swung it toward the source of the voice. Before she could trample Cozy Glow underfoot, she was not worthy of leaving.

When Limestone suddenly opened her eyes again, she found herself lying in a hospital bed, the sunlight from the window gazing upon her. She surveyed her inner self and felt that a part of her was missing, replaced by something else familiar. She believed that her final weakness had been forever left in that infusion chamber, and it was hatred that allowed her to survive and lead all ponies forward.
[zh.@o0]
现在，石青派成为了烈火和愤怒的化身
[en.@o0]
Now, Limestone Pie had become the embodiment of fire and fury.
