[zh.@]
狭关调查报告
[en.@]
Narrow Gate Investigation Report
[zh.@desc]
专案组终于有所突破：查询了狭关地区的货物转运记录后，我们发现有巨量的稚马之息在狭关被标记为“为处理逆麟灾害而消耗”，远超出这个偏远小村庄的需求量。这些记录也与南都的记录相吻合。
专案组立刻对狭关地区的官员进行调查和审讯。调查中，我们发现§2狭关的货运局长——繁花§!，有着严重的问题。她的账户中曾经存在大量的不明来源资金，现已经被全部挥霍或转移。也有麒麟§2目击到她在边境地区与陌生麒麟进行货物交易§!。
至此，东部地区稚马之息的消失谜团已经告破，专案组与警方立刻下达了对货运局长繁花的通缉令。然而，可惜的是，似乎提前接到了消息，§2繁花可能已经从狭关离开了麒麟社群的领土§!。

走私专案告破，但并不意味着专案组调查的结束。
首先，繁花的机敏让我们意识到§2专案组内也存在泄密者§!，我们需要仔细调查所有曾经与繁花有过接触的麒麟。
其次，这些被走私出境的稚马之息最终流向了哪里？狭关的东侧是广袤的沙漠，也许我们需要与独角兽仙境、阿比西尼亚、奥尼西亚与海盗等方面进行合作，才更有可能缉拿繁花。
[en.@desc]
The task force finally made a breakthrough: after checking the goods transfer records in Narrow Gate, we found a huge amount of foal’s breath marked as “used for dealing with Nirik disasters” in Narrow Gate, far exceeding the demand of this remote village. These records also match those of Nan Du.
The task force immediately investigated and interrogated the officials in Narrow Gate. During the investigation, we found that the §2director of the freight office in Narrow Gate, Blossom Burst§!, had serious questionmarks. There used to be a large amount of funds of unknown origin in her account, which have now been spent or transferred. Kirins have also §2witnessed her trading goods with strange Kirins in the border areas§!.
At this point, the mystery of the disappearance of foal’s breath in the Eastern Region has been solved. The task force and the police immediately issued a warrant for the arrest of the director of the freight office, Blossom Burst. However, unfortunately, it seems that she received the information in advance and §2might has already left the Kirin commune territory through Narrow Gate§!.

The smuggling case has been solved, but it does not mean the end of the task force’s investigation.
First, Blossom Burst’s agility made us realize that there are also §2leakers within the task force§!, and we need to carefully investigate all Kirins who have had contact with Blossom Burst.
Second, where did these smuggled foal’s breath eventually go? To the east of Narrow Gate is a vast desert, perhaps we need to cooperate with the Unicornia, Abyssinia, Ornithia and Pirates to have a better chance of catching Blossom Burst.

[zh.@o0]
记录在案
[en.@o0]
File Archived