[zh.@]
克鲁格镇产权纠纷
[en.@]
Kluge Town Property Rights Dispute

[zh.@desc]
如果要说克鲁格镇最缺少的东西，恐怕就是规则与秩序了，不过却有一个例外 — 在风暴大王的支持下，维可的犯罪集团曾经在这里短暂地建立过邪恶的秩序，只不过小镇的居民们很快将他的犯罪集团与他背后的支持者一起送入了垃圾堆。维可的犯罪集团终止奴隶贸易后的空缺被后来居上的马哈顿乐善所填补，维可也就不再有了干回老本行的机会。
但正如老话说得好，一只精明狡诈的裸鼹鼠在哪里都能找到新的通道。维可意识到倒台的老东家风暴帝国他们留下了丰富的遗产，便与格鲁伯联合接管了前风暴帝国军工厂以几乎是白送的价格抛售库存，从二流奴隶主摇身一变成了顶流军火商，算是完成了他的产业转移升级。过度膨胀的军火生意冲昏了维可的头脑，让他用已经过期的地契将整个克鲁格镇抵押，从帝国借来了贷款扩大生产... 当风暴岛被自由小马利亚接管、洛马基与采石农场的军火新秀们开始在市场上崭露头角、维可因拖欠贷款被帝国财政部列入通缉名单后，他才意识到他的第二个商业帝国已经命不久矣。
但正如老话说得好，一只精明狡诈的裸鼹鼠在哪里都能找到新的通道。维可向帝国财政部的债主坚称地契有效，从帝国又拿来了一批贷款，新组建了维可讨债集团，准备动用武力夺取克鲁格镇产权来抵消他对帝国的债务... 一如曾经卡珀尝试销售M6来抵消他对维可的债务一般... 但这次，卡珀与克鲁格镇的居民们显然不会同意。

[en.@desc]
If there’s something that Kluge Town lacks the most, it would be rules and order. However, there is one exception - with the support of the Storm King, Verko’s criminal group once briefly established an evil order here. However, the residents of the small town quickly sent his criminal group and his backers to the garbage dump. The vacancy left by Verko’s criminal group after they stopped the slave trade was filled by the rising Manehattan Gladmane gang. Verko no longer had the opportunity to return to his old business.
But as the old saying goes, a cunning naked mole rat always finds a way. Verko realized that his former employer, the Storm Empire, left behind a rich legacy. He and Grubber jointly took over the former Storm Empire military factory and sold the inventory at an almost giveaway price. He transformed from a second-rate slave owner to a top military merchant, completing his industrial upgrade. However, the over-expanded arms business clouded Verko’s mind. He mortgaged the entire Kluge Town using an expired land deed, borrowed money from the Empire to expand production... It wasn’t until the Storm Island was taken over by the Free Equestria, the military newcomers from Las Pegasus and Rock Farm began to prevail in the market, and Verko was listed as a wanted criminal by the EEMF for defaulting on his loan, that he realized that his second business empire was on its deathbed.
But as the old saying goes again, a cunning naked mole rat always finds a way. Verko insisted to the Empire’s creditors that the land deed was valid, borrowed another batch of loans from the Empire, and formed the Verko Debt Collection Group. He was ready to use force to seize the property rights of Kluge Town to offset his debt to the Empire... Just like how Capper tried to sell M6 to offset his debt to Verko... The only difference is that this time, Capper and the residents of Kluge Town obviously won’t agree.

[zh.@o0]
南方也不再太平
[en.@o0]
The south is peaceful no more

[zh.@THREAT]
克鲁格镇产权纠纷
[en.@THREAT]
Kluge Town Property Rights Dispute