[zh.@]
叮铃铃...
[en.@]
Ring —— Ring —— !
[zh.@desc]
“喂，这里是公爵热线，请问你要咨询——”
“是我，特丽克西，你连本女皇都认不出来了吗？” 电话那头传来和煦光流女皇愤怒至极的声音，把特丽克西吓了一跳。
“是，是... 这是伟大而又全能的特丽克西的错，请问女皇陛下不辛艰劳地打电话有何贵干？”

电话另一端的吼叫声更大了：“你还好意思问？看看你的小公务员干的好事，她的音乐会是什么东西？我亲自去参加了，主题是什么‘和平与和谐’？！结果整场音乐全是在赞美小马利亚友谊魔法的！包括她那个精神病一样的搭档，音乐全都是动次打次的，题目全都是关于什么以前的美好时光和她们之间的爱情故事！没有一首提到我！没有一首在赞美‘新元年’！你们小马谷这是什么意思，你还想不想继续干你的公爵领了！”
特丽克西这才明白过来，但音乐会都已经过去一个周了，她只能尽量安抚女皇陛下的情绪：“女皇陛下，这都是特丽克西的错，特丽克西将会纠正这一切的，下次就办一个主题是‘伟大又全能的女皇陛下’的音乐会，保证让女皇陛下满意！”
“重点是主题吗？你看那些小马演奏着演奏着都快要变身了，我再不管着点，保不齐哪天你们这些疯子在音乐会上会搞出彩虹激光来！我决定颁布音乐禁令，没收所有的乐器和唱片！从现在开始，你们小马谷要严格实施这项禁令，不然你的公爵就不用当了！再见！”
电话猛地挂断。

特丽克西瘫坐在椅子上，左顾右盼，确认没有小马后才偷偷骂了一句：“这个只会一点小事就臭脾气的小孩！” 接着她打开抽屉，拿出了那名曾经是小马谷著名音乐家，如今还是小马谷公务员的照片，喃喃自语道：“奥塔薇娅呀奥塔薇娅，怎么这么死脑筋。反正都是纯音乐没有歌词，一个音符都不用动，你把曲名改改不就好了吗... 还得我来收拾你这烂摊子！唉！”
[en.@desc]
“Hello, this is the Duchess Hotline. How may I assist——”
“ITS ME! TRIXIE! YOU CAN'T EVEN RECOGNIZE THE EMPRESS?” The furious voice of Queen Cozy Glow came from the other end of the line, startling Trixie.
“Y-yes... Your Majesty. It’s the fault of the great and powerful Trixie. What can I do for you, Your Majesty?”

The yelling on the other end grew louder: “You don’t know? Just look at what your little bureaucrat has done! What kind of music festival is hers? I attended the music festival myself, and you tell me that is the theme of ‘Peace and Harmony’?! The entire concert was praising the magic of friendship! And look at her psycho partner, those loud music beats, and all their music titles are about their past good times and love stories! Not a single song mentioned me! Not a single song praised the ‘Jahr Null’! What is the meaning of this in Ponyville? I guess you don’t want to keep your duchy anymore!”
Trixie finally understood, but the music festival had already passed for a week. She could only try to soothe the Empress’s emotions: “Your Majesty, this is all Trixie’s fault. Trixie will correct everything, and next time, we will hold a music festival with the theme of ‘The Great and Powerful Empress’, I guarantee that you will be satisfied!”
“Is that the key point? Those ponies were playing music and almost transformed during the performance. If I don’t pay attention, you crazy ponies might even shoot rainbow lasers at the concert! I have decided to issue a Music Ban and confiscate all instruments and records! From now on, Ponyville must strictly enforce this ban, or your duchy will be gone! Goodbye!”
The phone was hung up abruptly.

Trixie slumped in her chair, looking around to make sure there were no ponies around before muttering under her breath: “What a kid with a bad temper!” Then she opened the drawer and took out a photo of the former famous musician in Ponyville, who is now also a Ponyville bureaucrat, murmuring to herself: “Octavia, come on, Octavia, why are you so stubborn? All your musics are instrumental, why don’t you just change the name of the songs... You don’t even need to change a single note. Now, I have to clean up your mess! Sigh!”
[zh.@o0]
“我们会尽快处理”
[en.@o0]
“We will deal with it ASAP”
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
解锁§Y公爵办公室§!中的§R限时§!决议：§Y贯彻音乐禁令§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
Unlock §Rtimed§! decison in §YDuchess Office§!: §YImplement Music Ban§!
