[zh.@]
半人马的另一面
[en.@]
The Bright Side of the Centaurs

[zh.@desc]
每当提及提雷克领地，小马们的第一印象总是荒芜的炼狱之地上一个遥远、封闭而又邪恶的国家。曾经的半人马们大多是善良而温和的。但如今，贵族半人马们拥有了那里的一切，并无时无刻不觊觎着小马的魔法与龙族、狮鹫的财宝。如果说在沃拉克时期他们还有所收敛，提雷克的登基则彻底松开了约束他们的缰绳。尽管财富源源不断地从狮鹫王国和龙族流向他们，除了少数招摇的贵族，绝大多数半人马们几乎从没有离开过他们的国家。没有小马知道在炼狱之地的深处究竟发生了什么 —— 直到今天。
罕见地，提雷克与斯科潘同时出现在记者面前，宣布了两项重要活动：一次世界博览会以及一场国际电影节。根据提雷克所介绍，斯科潘向他提议了这两个活动，将其看作向世界展示半人马王国文化的机会，改变国际社会对半人马的刻板印象；斯科潘则补充，希望这次活动可以促进狮鹫尼加大陆上的文化交流与民族和解：无论是半人马、石像鬼、狮鹫、小马还是龙族等，都欢迎参加。
对于国际社会来说，相比于活动本身，此次高调宣布更加重大的意义在于：传言斯科潘遭到提雷克软禁的谣言被打破，前来参与活动的记者也终于有机会一窥半人马王国内部的真实面貌。只不过，多数依然对这次活动的真实目的心存疑虑：提雷克似乎并不像是那种热爱小物件与电影的家伙，为什么会同意斯科潘的提议呢？

[en.@desc]
Speaking of Tirek’s Realm, ponies always have their first impression of a distant, closed, and evil country on the barren Infernal Lands. Previously, most centaurs were kind and gentle. But now, the noble centaurs own everything there, and they are always coveting the magic of ponies and the treasures of dragons and griffons. If they could still be called restrained during the Vorak era, Tirek’s reign has completely loosened the reins that bound them. Now, despite the wealth that flows continuously from the griffon kingdom and the dragons to them, the vast majority of centaurs have hardly ever left their country except for a few ostentatious nobles. Nopony knows what is happening in the deep of the Infernal Lands — until today.
Rarely, Tirek and Scorpan appeared before the press at the same time, announcing two important events: a Great Exhibition and an International Film Festival. According to Tirek, Scorpan proposed these two events to him as an opportunity to showcase the culture of the Centaur Kingdom to the world and change the international community’s stereotypical impression of centaurs; Scorpan added that he hoped this event could promote cultural exchanges and race reconciliation on the Griffonica continent: centaurs, gargoyles, griffons, ponies, and dragons are all welcome to participate.
For the international community, the significance of this high-profile announcement is greater than the events themselves: the rumors of Scorpan being under house arrest by Tirek have been dispelled, and the journalists who came to participate in the event finally have the opportunity to catch a glimpse of the inside of the Centaur Kingdom. However, most of them still have doubts about the real purpose of this event: Tirek does not seem to be the kind of guy who loves delicate ornaments and movies, so why did he agree to Scorpan’s proposal?

[zh.@o0]
听上去还不错
[en.@o0]
Sounds good
