[zh.@]
日志 III.2
[en.@]
Log III.2

[zh.@desc]
• 8月9日
§R「绝密」§!
通道开启的一年零六个月，我辞职的第一个月，也是“去静默化”在东部地区铺开的第一个月。我惊讶地发现我们的差异正在变得越来越大：他们的稚马之息产量远低于我们，所以“去静默化”速度也比我们慢很多。我和繁花’复盘了一下，似乎问题就出在通道首席科学家的那只松鼠身上，好像是叫朱利安。当初险崇峰解除静默的时候，来访的小马，柔柔，告诉我们松鼠非常擅长寻找稚马之息的产地。朱利安和她的松鼠家族在东部地区和麒麟之森找到了无数片野生的稚马之息花田，但朱利安’并不存在，所以他们也就没有找到这些花田。我们倒是可以派出一些麒麟去，帮他们标记那些地点，但是这无疑会增加通道保密的难度。我们先尝试一下吧，同时对面将派出一些矿工和农民来帮助我们补充那些缺少的麒麟劳动力。另外，最近听北边的青草说，我们的邻国独角兽仙境最近也进入了花卉紧缺的状态需要我们的援助，也许我们可以让社群’用常规花卉来交换我们的稚马之息？这样既能帮助他们，也能帮助我们的邻国。
• 9月9日
§R「绝密」§!
越来越多的目击事件开始出现了，我们可能不得不终止对他们寻找稚马之息的援助了。现在他们的稚马之息产量还是远远不足... 不仅仅是缺少的花田，还有引发的一系列连锁反应：更少的花田，更少的花农，更少的种子，更少的能说话的麒麟，更低的工作效率，更慢的种植... 另外，最近我们这里的情况也不太好，狭关开始出现频发的地震。是那些对面派来的矿工施工的缘故吗？还是这个通道本身的不稳定？如果通道出现问题，那我们派出去的麒麟可能都会被困在那个世界，应该先把他们撤回来了。讨论完这个决定后，对面似乎并不是太高兴。“难道我的朱莉安娜消失了，是我们的错吗？我们难道就应该忍受这一切？别忘了，你们和我们没什么不同！是我们的改变才给你们带去了差异！” 他们的通道首席科学家是这样质问我们的。我也不知道该说什么，但这也让我怀疑对面的矿工是不是有意来搞破坏的，想要制造事故来分散我们的注意，拖慢我们的“去静默化”速度，从而让我们和他们处于同一个状态下？一瞬间，我为自己产生的这种恶意念头感到羞耻，但更多的是害怕，繁花’是不是也会这样想？她会察觉到，我对...我的不信任吗？
[en.@desc]
- August 9
§R<=TOP SECRET=>§!
The tunnel has been open for a year and six months, and it is the first month of my resignation as well as the first month of the “de-Silencing” in the Eastern Region. I was surprised to find that our differences are becoming more and more significant: their foal’s breath production is much lower than ours, so the “de-Silencing” is also much slower than ours. Me and Blossom Burst’ reviewed it, and it seems that the problem lies with the squirrel of the tunnel’s chief scientist, named Julian I guess. When the Silencing was lifted, the visiting pony, Fluttershy, told us that the squirrel is very good at finding the wild fields of foal’s breath. Julian and her squirrel family found countless wild foal’s breath flower fields in the Eastern Region and the Kirin Forest. But there was never a Julian’, so they never found those flower fields. We could send some Kirins there to help them mark those locations, but this will undoubtedly increase the difficulty of keeping the tunnel secret. Let’s give it a try first, and at the same time, the other side will send some miners and farmers to help us supplement the missing Kirin labor. In addition, recently I heard from Grass-Green in the north that our neighbor, Unicornia, is also in a state of flower shortage and needs our help. Maybe we can let the commune’ pay flowers in exchange for our foal’s breath? This way, we can help them and our neighbor at the same time.
- September 9
§R<=TOP SECRET=>§!
More and more sightings have begun to appear, and we may have to terminate our assistance to them in finding the foal’s breath. Now their foal’s breath production is still far from enough... It’s not just the lack of flower fields, but also a series of chain reactions: fewer flower fields, thus fewer flower farmers and fewer seeds, thus fewer talking Kirins, thus lower work efficiency, thus slower planting... Further, our situation here is not good either, the Narrow Gate has begun to experience frequent earthquakes. Is it because of the construction of the miners sent from the other side? Or is it the instability of the tunnel itself? If there is a problem with the tunnel, then the Kirins we sent out may all be trapped in that world, so we should withdraw them first. After discussing this decision, the other side doesn’t seem too happy. “Is it our fault that my Juliana disappeared? Should we just endure all this? Don’t forget, you are no different from us! It is OUR changes that have brought YOU differences!” Their tunnel’s chief scientist questioned us like this. I didn’t know what to say, but this also makes me suspect whether the miners from the other side were intentionally trying to cause trouble, wanting to create accidents to distract us? Did they want to slow down our “de-Silencing” speed so that we and they are in the same situation? For a moment, I felt ashamed of the malicious thoughts I had produced, but more of fear, will Blossom Burst’ think the same way? Will she notice that... I don’t trust... me?


[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m Done

[zh.@o1]
下一页
[en.@o1]
Next Page

[zh.@o2]
上一页
[en.@o2]
Prev Page

