[zh.@]
雾轨的分析 · 下
[en.@]
Vapor Trail’s Analysis · II
[zh.@desc]
“滚雷曾经当过帝国的走狗，但是闪尘从来没有。闪尘就是个疯子，既不和我们一伙，也不和帝国一伙。剿灭‘淘汰者’也曾是‘重返天空’计划的一部分，而现在，层云堡进入大选，如果闪尘能借机加入到计划中来，既能避免争端，又能审时度势两面下注。” 雾轨一点也不急躁，依然慢慢地为蒙在鼓里的破空解释道。
“所以... 你是建议我们在对帝国宣战前，先剿灭‘淘汰者’？” 破空问道。
“也不行，闪尘已经第一时间宣布参与了层云堡补缺选举。如果对她采取军事行动，看上去就像是我们要迫害政治竞争者一样。虽然层云堡民众都支持我们，但这会给帝国一个理由。”
“那这不正好对帝国——” 破空刚想要打断雾轨，却被雾轨再次打断。雾轨以破空几乎完全看不见的幅度翻了一个白眼，继续说下去：
“我们只能先将火药桶的罪行与他和‘淘汰者’的联系通过小道消息公之于众，营造舆论，赢下补缺选举 — 我们一定能赢的，这没什么悬念 — 然后再清算闪尘，最后再通过滚雷供出帝国。路要一步步走，云要一片片飞，破空。”

[en.@desc]
“Rolling Thunder worked for the Empire once, but Lightning Dust never did. Lightning Dust is just a lunatic, neither on our side nor on the Empire’s. Eliminating the ‘Washouts’ was once part of our ‘Return to the Sky’ plan, but now, with the by-election in Stratusburg, if Lightning Dust can become join the plan instead of becoming the target, she will not only avoid conflict but also be able to hedge her bets on both sides.” Vapor Trail explained to Sky Stinger, who was still in the dark, without any impatience.
“So... you’re suggesting that we eliminate the ‘Washouts’ before declaring war on the Empire?” Sky Stinger asked.
“Not quite. Lightning Dust has already announced her participation in the by-election of Stratusburg. If we take military action against her, it would look like we are persecuting a political competitor. Although the citizens of Stratusburg support us, this would give the Empire a reason to intervene.”
“Isn’t that just perfect to go against the Empire —” Sky Stinger was about to interrupt Vapor Trail, but she interrupted him again. Vapor Trail rolled her eyes at him, almost imperceptibly, and continued:
“We have to first publicize Short Fuse’s crimes and the connection between him and the ‘Washouts’ through unofficial channels, create an atmosphere, and win the by-election — we will easily win, there’s no doubt about it — then we can deal with Lightning Dust, and finally expose the Empire through Rolling Thunder. We have to take it step by step, like flying cloud by cloud, Sky Stinger.”

[zh.@o0]
也许破空听懂了...吧？
[en.@o0]
Sky Stinger ought to have understood... right?
