[zh.@]
坎特洛特高档香水公司仓储管理员员工守则
[en.@]
Canterlot Luxury Perfume Company Warehouse Manager Code of Conduct
[zh.@desc]
1. 坎特洛特具有催眠功效，其挥发后可能存在致幻效果。请在仓库内保持警惕，确保自己不处于幻觉状态。
2. 轻度幻觉状态不会随时间加重，严重幻觉状态也不会随时间减轻。如果您处于严重幻觉状态，为了您的安全，请立即点燃香水仓库，坎特洛特公司将承担全部损失。香水燃烧并不会发热，如果您感觉到热，请保持在燃烧香水的范围内，直到您恢复正常。
3. 如果您看到远处有火光、昏昏欲睡、且发现空气中呈紫色，说明您处于严重幻觉状态。
4. 坎特洛特销售员提取香水是正常行为，不需要您的同意，您的工作职责是全力配合销售员提取香水。如果坎特洛特销售员提取香水时申请您的同意，说明您处于轻度幻觉状态，请拒绝并立即向帝国警察报告，并记录提取香水的品类和数量。帝国警察会帮助您恢复正常。
5. 仓储管理员为封闭式全职工作，不得离开仓库。如果您发现自己离开了仓库，说明您处于轻度幻觉状态。请寻找坎特洛特销售员，他们会帮助您恢复正常。
6. 普通小马谷居民不会购买香水，如果普通小马谷居民购买香水，说明您处于轻度幻觉状态。请寻找坎特洛特销售员，他们会帮助您恢复正常。
7. 幻形灵不会购买香水，如果幻形灵购买香水，说明您处于严重幻觉状态。
8. 小马谷不存在帝国警察，如果您在非主动询问的情况下遇到帝国警察，说明您处于严重幻觉状态。
9. 小马谷警察不是帝国警察，如果您遇到小马谷警察，请配合消防安全检查，务必确保检查结果为“合格”。
10. 消防专家不会购买香水，如果消防专家购买香水，说明他们不是消防专家，请立即向帝国警察报告，称消防专家想要购买香水。
[en.@desc]
1. Canterlot has a hypnotic effect, and after volatilization, it may have hallucinogenic effects. Please be vigilant in the warehouse to ensure that you are not in a hallucinogenic state.
2. Mild hallucinogenic states will not worsen over time, and severe hallucinogenic states will not lessen over time. If you are in a severe hallucinogenic state, for your safety, please ignite the perfume warehouse immediately, and Canterlot will bear all losses. The perfume burning does not generate heat. If you feel hot, please stay within the range of the burning perfume until you return to normal.
3. If you see a fire in the distance, feel drowsy, and find the air turning purple, you are in a severe hallucinogenic state.
4. It is normal for a Canterlot salespony to pick up perfume, and your consent is not required. Your job is to fully cooperate with the salespony in picking up perfume. If the Canterlot salespony requests your consent, it means you are in a mild hallucinogenic state. Please refuse and immediately report to the imperial police and record the category and quantity of perfume picked up. The imperial police will help you return to normal.
5. Warehouse managers work full-time in a closed environment and are not allowed to leave the warehouse. If you find yourself leaving the warehouse, it means you are in a mild hallucinogenic state. Please find the Canterlot salespony, and they will help you return to normal.
6. Ordinary Ponyville residents do not buy perfume. If ordinary Ponyville residents buy perfume, it means you are in a mild hallucinogenic state. Please find the Canterlot salespony, and they will help you return to normal.
7. Changelings do not buy perfume. If changelings buy perfume, it means you are in a severe hallucinogenic state.
8. There is no imperial police in Ponyville. If you encounter imperial police without yourself asking, it means you are in a severe hallucinogenic state.
9. Ponyville police are not imperial police. If you encounter Ponyville police, please cooperate with the fire safety inspection and ensure that the inspection result is “safe”.
10. Fire safety experts do not buy perfume. If fire safety experts buy perfume, it means they are not fire safety experts. Please report to the imperial police immediately, stating that the fire safety experts want to buy perfume.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
