[zh.@]
秘密会议 · 上
[en.@]
The Conclave · I

[zh.@desc]
当破空与雾轨推门进入喷火的办公室时，喷火正准备送别看起来愁容满面的劳雷特小姐。喷火安慰道，“劳雷特小姐，我们下次再商量。”
劳雷特小姐低着头出门时，恰好撞上了破空，将破空背上的背包撞落在地，文件撒了一地：里面是许多关于层云堡的文件，有的是关于餐馆的收支，有的是关于退役闪电天马的发展跟踪，有的标着大大的“绝密”字样... 而有的则是破空开小差时的涂鸦。或许是由于读了太多《友谊日记》，破空简陋的涂鸦上画着他佩戴着和谐之元，像曾经的暮光闪闪那样施展彩虹激光的样子。即使是刚刚还在愁容满面的劳雷特小姐，也没忍住笑了出来。破空则尴尬地赶紧挡住那些文件，说着什么“都是机密，不能看”之类的话。
雾轨则并没有笑，因为她清楚今天破空要与喷火讨论的议题有多么严肃 —— 也就是地上那些标着“绝密”的文件：破空已经计划了许久，打算趁着帝国忙于东方事务的时候，让层云堡宣布从帝国独立并高举谐律主义地旗帜向帝国发起挑战，与东方的朋友一起重振谐律的荣光。
作为前自由云中城运动参与者，自由层云堡运动领袖，层云堡自治领领长喷火自然懂得层云堡的渺小。面对帝国，层云堡的独立也许不过是一场自杀式的闹剧。但另一方面，看着新复原的闪电天马学院，喷火也不得不怀疑自己是否已经被过去的失败所束缚：看着破空与雾轨两张年轻的面孔，他们做到了自己多年来未能实现的事情。他们让闪电天马学院重新开张，让层云堡经济从依赖于帝国补贴变为餐饮业与水晶工业带动的自主经济... 

[en.@desc]
When Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail pushed open the door to Spitfire’s office, they found her bidding farewell to the visibly distressed Miss Laurette. “We’ll discuss this another time, Miss Laurette.” Spitfire reassured her.
As Miss Laurette exited with her head lowered, she accidentally bumped into Sky Stinger, knocking his backpack to the ground. Files scattered everywhere — documents about Stratusburg, some detailing restaurant finances, others tracking the post-retirement developments of former Wonderbolts, a few stamped with bold “TOP SECRET” markings... and amidst them, Sky Stinger’s idle doodles. Perhaps from reading too many Friendship Journals, his crude sketches depicted him wielding the Elements of Harmony, firing rainbow lasers like Twilight Sparkle once did. Even the previously gloomy Miss Laurette couldn’t help but chuckle. Flustered, Sky Stinger hastily blocked the papers, muttering something about “classified materials, no peeking!”
Vapor Trail, however, didn’t laugh. She knew the gravity of today’s discussion that is about to happen — about the very “TOP SECRET” documents now on the floor. Sky Stinger had long planned this: while the Empire was preoccupied with eastern affairs, Stratusburg would declare independence, raise the banner of Harmonism, and challenge the Empire, reigniting the glory of harmony alongside their eastern allies.

As a former participant in the Free Cloudsdale Movement, now leader of the Free Stratusburg Movement and Governer of the Stratusburg Dominion, Spitfire understood the fragility of their city. Against the Empire, independence might seem like a suicidal farce. Yet, gazing at the newly restored Wonderbolts Academy, she couldn’t help but wonder if past failures had shackled herself. These two young faces in front of her — Sky Stinger and Vapor Trail — had achieved what she couldn’t in years. They reopened the academy, transformed Stratusburg’s economy from relying on imperial subsidies to self-sufficiency driven by cuisine and crystal industries...

[zh.@o0]
也许，听听破空的计划也不是坏事...
[en.@o0]
Maybe it’s not a bad idea to listen to Sky Stinger’s plan...
