[zh.@]
突如其来的变故
[en.@]
Sudden Turn of Events
[zh.@desc]
清晨桂冠正躺着做美容SPA，思考着等一下如何向那个年幼的天角兽复命。直到她贴在眼皮上的黄瓜片被突然掀开，双重美味焦急的声音破坏了她最后一点的闲情逸致“不好了，不好了！火岩派和云母！”双重美味焦急的在她面前团团转，却不知道怎么开口。“喂？就不能等到到了坎特洛特再商讨他俩怎么处理吗？如果你要问那俩老家伙怎么处理的话，说实话，我们欺骗了派家姐妹，医学专家跟我说他们也不太可能保证一定能治好，不过这也正符合陛下的旨意”
此时此刻，清晨桂冠和双重美味还身处皇家空艇中，离坎特洛特只剩十几分钟的航程。站在飞艇前端，已经能远远看到半山腰的坎特洛特。“我要说的就是这个！”双重美味喊道。清晨桂冠心一紧，感觉问到“怎么.....怎么回事？难道？”双重美味赶紧点点头 “怎么没有小马提前通知我，负责看护他俩的护士小马都死哪去了？”清晨桂冠瞬间火冒三丈。“那帮看护的小马说他们看那俩老东西一直昏迷着，就也跟着暂时休息去了，没想到就才过了短短十几分钟，当他们再回到病房时，只看到火岩派挣脱了设备，浑身是血的跪在云母床边，而且....他甚至还把云母的医疗设备也关了........”“护士们赶紧对他俩进行抢救，但是已经太迟了”清晨桂冠听到这段话，又冷汗直流，体验到了什么是冰火俩重天。她连同帝国的计划都被彻底打乱了，如果那个天角兽知道后不气急败坏的把她化为一堆粉末，也多半要把她绑回采石农场当替罪羊了，她赶紧看了一眼房间里的闹钟，飞艇很快就要降落，她没多少时间思考了


[en.@desc]
In the early morning,Dawn Crown was lying down enjoying a beauty spa treatment, contemplating how to report back to the young alicorn. Her moment of leisure was abruptly interrupted when the cucumber slices on her eyelids were suddenly lifted, and Double Delight’s anxious voice shattered the last bit of tranquility.

"Something’s wrong! Something’s wrong! Igneous Rock Pie and Cloudy Quartz!" Double Delight paced nervously in front of her, struggling to find the right words.

"Can’t this wait until we reach Canterlot to discuss how to handle those two?"Dawn Crown replied, somewhat annoyed. "If you're asking about what to do with those old ponies, honestly, we've deceived the Pie sisters. The medical experts told me they couldn’t guarantee a full recovery anyway. But this aligns with Her Majesty’s intentions."

At that moment,Dawn Crown and Double Delight were still aboard the royal airship, just about ten minutes away from Canterlot. Standing at the front of the airship, they could already see the city nestled on the mountainside in the distance.

"That’s exactly what I wanted to talk about!" Double Delight exclaimed.

 Dawn Crown’s heart skipped a beat. "What... what happened? Don’t tell me..."

Double Delight quickly nodded.

"Why didn’t anypony inform me earlier? Where are the nurses responsible for their care?"Dawn Crown’s anger flared.

"The nurses said they saw both of them unconscious and decided to take a short break. But just ten minutes later, when they returned to the ward, they found Igneous Rock Pie had torn off his equipment and was kneeling, covered in blood, beside Cloudy Quartz’s bed. And... he had even turned off her medical equipment..."

"The nurses tried to resuscitate them immediately, but it was already too late."

Upon hearing this,Dawn Crown broke into a cold sweat, experiencing a mix of shock and dread. The entire imperial plan was now in disarray. If the young alicorn found out, she might reduce her to ashes in a fit of rage or, at the very least, send her back to the quarry farm as a scapegoat. She glanced at the clock in the room—the airship was about to land, and she had little time left to think.
[zh.@o0]
俩个该死的老东西！
[en.@o0]
"Those two damned old ponies!"
