[zh.@]
布雷本的下落
[en.@]
Braeburn’s Whereabouts
[zh.@desc]
苹果丽丽被窗外嘈杂的声音吵醒了，一俩俩装着蒸汽引擎的军车驶过城堡，这些庞然大物除了不在铁路上行驶以外，跟火车也没什么俩样。苹果丽丽打了个哈欠，从柔软的床下滚下，她望了一眼窗外，月亮还挂在空中，一瞬间让她想起了露娜公主。苹果丽丽推开门，许多小马匆忙的走来走去，依然没有看到石青派的身影，不过苹果丽丽知道这个时候该找谁

当苹果丽丽找到玉琪派的时候太阳已经升起，从玉琪派口中才得知，石青派昨天夜里对一个周边的国家开展了军事行动，她自己也奔赴前线了，整个城堡里的小马都在忙着处理这件事的工作。“你不去吗，为什么石青姐姐没有带着你一起去？”苹果丽丽有意无意的问到。石青派沉默了一阵，才慢慢说道“我不是一个擅长指挥的小马”

“但是，从军衔上来说，你仍然是大洛克.....苹果派家族的将军”“战争期间我也只是负责小马们的后勤，所以帝国覆灭后，我就逐渐退出了军队......”苹果丽丽没有再接着问，只是默默看着玉琪派“好吧好吧，石青派她......”“她什么？”"她疏远了我们所有小马“玉琪派低声说道。苹果丽丽赶紧竖起了耳朵““当她确信石灰派和泥枝已经去世的那个晚上，以及进攻苹果鲁萨的那一夜，她都变得愈发固执”“进攻苹果鲁萨？”苹果丽丽明知故问道

“那些事情.....你都知道的”玉琪派又一次低声而难为情的说道，想用这种模棱两可的回答转移话题，可是苹果丽丽不给她这个机会，苹果丽丽瞪大了眼睛看向玉琪派“不，我不知道，石青派真的谋害了布雷本哥哥吗？“玉琪派没想到苹果丽丽如此直白，吃了一惊，不过她赶紧捂住苹果丽丽的嘴“不，布雷本还活着”苹果丽丽刚要开口再问下去，但是玉琪派的耳朵已经耷拉下来，并且先一步开口道：“但她在这件事上也确实.....比较过分，为了击败帝国，她宁愿牺牲自己....也包括其他小马。我劝过她，但她已经听不进其他小马的意见了，她说的没错，我.....我总是优柔寡断，这不能怪她”

苹果丽丽抱着她说到“不，你是我见过的最善良的小马....或许是第二善良的？不管怎么样，你才是对的"玉琪派没有再吭声，苹果丽丽接着说道：“其实，我从莫丝清香和一些亲戚那里大致知道了一些事情，我们必须得把布雷本和其他亲戚救出来"玉琪派呆住了“这也许.....也许不是一个好主意”玉琪派害怕的说道，苹果丽丽摇摇头“战争已经结束了，我们却没有迎来和平，如果我不能继续阻止她，总有一天整个苹果派家族会化为枯枝，你难道赞同石青派的所作所为吗”玉琪派没有再吭声，短暂的沉默后，她轻声回答道：“他们...他们都被关押在苹果鲁萨东郊的那个军事基地里”苹果丽丽立即准备动身离开，突然间，玉琪派抓住了她的蹄子，

[en.@desc]
Apple Bloom was awakened by the noisy sounds outside. A pair of military vehicles, each equipped with steam engines, rumbled past the castle. These massive machines, except for not running on tracks, were much like trains.

She yawned and rolled off her soft bed. Glancing out the window, she noticed the moon still hanging in the sky, briefly reminding her of Princess Luna.

Pushing open the door, she saw many ponies rushing about, but still no sign of Limestone Pie. Apple Bloom knew who she needed to find.

By the time she found Marble Pie, the sun had already risen. From Marble Pie, she learned that the night before, Limestone Pie had launched a military operation against a neighboring nation, and she herself had gone to the front lines. Everypony in the castle was busy handling matters related to this.

“Aren’t you going? Why didn’t Sister Limestone take you along?” Apple Bloom asked, half-curiously.

Limestone Pie was silent for a moment before slowly replying,

“I’m not a pony skilled in command.”

“But according to rank, you’re still a general of Greater Rockville… the Apple Pie family,” Apple Bloom pressed.

“During the war, I was only responsible for logistics for the ponies. After the Empire fell, I gradually withdrew from the army…”

Apple Bloom didn’t continue questioning. She quietly watched Marble Pie.

“Alright, alright. Limestone Pie, she…”

“She what?”

“She has distanced herself from all of us,” Marble Pie whispered.

Apple Bloom perked up her ears.

“That night, when she was sure Maud Pie and Mudbranch had died, and that same night when Appleloosa was attacked… she became even more stubborn.”

“Attack Appleloosa?” Apple Bloom asked, though she already knew the answer.

“Those things… you already know,” Marble Pie muttered, shyly trying to evade the topic. But Apple Bloom didn’t give her the chance.

“No, I don’t. Did Limestone Pie really try to kill Brother Braeburn?”

Marble Pie was surprised by Apple Bloom’s bluntness. She quickly covered Apple Bloom’s mouth and whispered,

“No, Braeburn is still alive.”

Apple Bloom was about to ask further, but Marble Pie’s ears drooped, and she spoke first:

“But she was… rather extreme in this matter. To defeat the Empire, she was willing to sacrifice herself… and other ponies too. I tried to advise her, but she wouldn’t listen to anyone else. She was right in saying… I… I have always been indecisive. That’s not her fault.”

Apple Bloom hugged her and said,

“No, you are the kindest pony I’ve ever met… or maybe the second kindest. Either way, you are right.”

Marble Pie didn’t respond. Apple Bloom continued,

“Actually, I’ve learned some things from Mossy Scent and a few relatives. We must rescue Braeburn and the other relatives.”

Marble Pie froze.

“That… maybe… isn’t a good idea,” she said fearfully.

Apple Bloom shook her head.

“The war is over, but peace hasn’t come. If I can’t stop her, one day the entire Apple Pie family will turn to dead branches. Do you agree with what Limestone Pie is doing?”

Marble Pie was silent. After a brief pause, she whispered,

“They… they are all being held at that military base in the eastern outskirts of Appleloosa.”

Apple Bloom immediately prepared to leave. Suddenly, Marble Pie grabbed her hoof.

[zh.@o0]
“答应我，我不希望有任何小马因此受伤，包括她”
[en.@o0]
“Promise me. I don’t want any pony to get hurt because of this… including her.”


