[zh.@]
钢铁巨兽
[en.@]
Iron Monstrosities
[zh.@desc]
在接到电话后，特丽克西公爵就立即亲自出席了下一次小马谷消防安全会议。会议上，特丽克西听取了各位专家的分析，并决定成立专项小组，评估储油罐的安全问题。
不过很显然，这些矗立在小马谷和周边地区的钢铁巨兽给小马谷政府和消防部门带来了巨大的压力，短时间内要解决这个问题并不容易。储油罐中来自帝国的燃油质量也很差，这让特丽克西感到更加焦虑。
正当会议快要结束的时候，会议室的门突然被敲响了。
“谁？”
一只带着帽子的小马机警地探了探头，随后是第二只。
“油嘴滑舌？你们俩不是小马谷的政府员工吧？来市政厅会议室做什么！” 特丽克西看到是这二位后立马露出了厌恶的表情。
“不是... 但是... 哦对，咳咳！身为小马利亚帝国的工业部长，我来参观一下领地的工业建设没什么不对吧？” 油嘴立马找到了借口。
虽然特丽克西一时间不知道怎么反驳，但是她还是决定把这二位“无关者”赶出去。
“等等等等... 别那么着急嘛！我们刚才在走廊上‘不小心’听到里面在讨论消防安全的话题。太巧了！请问有没有兴趣了解一下洛马基集团的‘超级安全灭火...”
“没兴趣！出去！”
[en.@desc]
After receiving the call, Duchess Trixie immediately attended the next Ponyville fire safety meeting. At the meeting, Trixie listened to the analysis of the experts and decided to set up a special team to evaluate the safety of the fuel silos.
However, it is obvious that these iron monstrosities standing in Ponyville and the surrounding areas have brought great pressure to the Ponyville government and fire department, and it is not easy to solve this problem in a short time. The fuel quality from the Empire in the fuel silos is also very poor, which makes Trixie even more anxious.
Just as the meeting was about to end, the door of the meeting room was suddenly knocked.
“Who’s there?”
A pony with a hat cautiously poked his head in, followed by a second one.
“Flim and Flam? You are government employees of Ponyville, are you? What are you doing in the town hall meeting room!” Trixie immediately showed a disgusted expression when she saw the twins.
“No... but... oh, right. Ahem! As the Minister of Industry of Equestria Empire, I came to visit the industrial construction of the territory. Is there anything wrong with that?” Flim immediately found an excuse.
Although Trixie didn’t know how to refute for a while, she still decided to drive the two “irrelevants” out.
“Wait, wait... don’t be in such a hurry! In the corridor just now, we thought we ‘accidentally’ heard the topic of fire safety being discussedand. What a coincidence! Would you like to know more about our ‘Super Safe Fire Extingui...”
“No! Get out!”
[zh.@o0]
（不幸的是，特丽克西最终还是下单了）
[en.@o0]
(Unfortunately, Trixie eventually placed the order)
