[zh.@]
余晖向全国讲话
[en.@]
Sunset Addresses the Nation

[zh.@desc]
“我很抱歉。”余晖烁烁对着台下的参会者们说，“这段时间的不辞而别让你们陷入了困难的境地。”

“实际上，在过去的几个月里我根本没有做好成为一个总理。我甚至并不完全了解一个民主机构真正的运行方式，也并未了解自己拥有这份权力意味着什么，究竟该做些什么。事实上，我一直只是把风暴岛当成一个过渡试验场，不负责任地满足我脑子里不成熟的政治幻想。当然，现实给了我当头一击。当我虚弱地躺在病床上的时候，我满脑子想的都是放弃：就这样吧，余晖。暮光已经死了，一切都结束了，守着一个毫无前途的小岛没有任何希望。”
“离开的这几天我去和一个朋友谈了谈，一个很好的朋友。她告诉我，有时我们每个人... 额，马。都有可能会陷入困难，身处一个自己不愿意久留但又不得不适应的环境里。一昧抱怨是没有用处的，应当积极面对并找到破局的方法才是唯一正道。同样，当责任因期待而负于你的肩上时，逃避是一种可耻的行为。”
“所以我在此向我之前几个月的幼稚行为道歉，我希望台下的各位以及风暴岛的民众们能再给我一次机会，我承诺将在未来的时间里继续履行好我作为临时总理的职责，我将遵守宪法、尊重每一个种族、和你们一起共克时艰。我有一句话想在这里分享：‘我们所恐惧的，只是恐惧本身’。在这个艰难的时刻，有一样东西比黄金，比枪炮更重要————那就是我们心中蕴含的的信心。信心和勇气是实行一切计划的必要条件，我们必须心怀信念！不被谎言与流言所蒙蔽双眼，让我们团结起来！驱散恐惧之雾！”
[en.@desc]
“I sincerely apologize”, said Sunset Shimmer to the attendees below, “for leaving you in a difficult situation, disappearing without a word.”

“I have to admit that I have not been a good Prime Minister during this period. I did not fully understand how a democratic institution works, nor did I understand what it means to have this power, or what I should do. In fact, I have always treated Storm Island as a transitional test field, irresponsibly satisfying my immature political fantasies. Of course, reality gave me a blow. When I was lying weakly on the sickbed, all I could think of was giving up: that’s it, Sunset. Twilight is dead, everything is over, and there is no hope in guarding a hopeless island.”
“During the days I left, I talked to a friend, a good friend. She told me that sometimes each of us, as an individual human b... emm... pony, may fall into difficulties, in an environment where we do not want to stay but have to adapt. Complaining is useless, and the only right way is to face it positively and find a way out. Similarly, when responsibility is placed on your shoulders due to expectations, escaping is a shameful act.”
“So I apologize for my childish behavior in the past few months, and I hope that audiences and the public of Storm Island can give me another chance. I promise to continue to fulfill my duties as the interim Prime Minister in the future. I will abide by the constitution, respect every species, and work with you to overcome difficulties together. I have a saying to share here: ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself’. In this difficult moment, there is something more important than gold, more important than guns — the confidence in our hearts. Confidence and courage are necessary conditions for implementing all plans you have in mind. We must have faith! Do not be blinded by lies and rumors, let us unite! Dispel the fog of fear!”

[zh.@o0]
看来必须使用强硬方式了！
[en.@o0]
Forceful measures must be taken!
