[zh.equatism]
平等思潮
[en.equatism]
Equatism

[zh.equatism_noun]
平等思潮
[en.equatism_noun]
Equatism

[zh.equatism_desc]
平等思潮
[en.equatism_desc]
Equatism

[zh.equatism_drift]
平等思潮倾向
[en.equatism_drift]
Equatism drift

[zh.equatism_acceptance]
平等思潮外交接纳度
[en.equatism_acceptance]
Equatism acceptance

[zh.equatism_wiki_tooltip]
无论生活在一个多么开明的环境里，我们都必须承认小马利亚世界生来就存在着不平等 —— 有的小马能操控魔法，有的小马能飞，有的小马力大无穷，有的小马生来倒霉，还有的小马甚至得不到自己的可爱标志... 至于不同种族间的不平等，那更是一个充满争议以至于任何场合都要极力避免谈论的问题。
但我们也必须知道，所有的这一切都不是特权或者被歧视的借口 —— 每一匹小马，以及任何生物都有着解放自己和平等发展的权力！全世界被压迫着的生物终有一日会团结起来，砸碎旧时代的锁链！

'''平等思潮下的意识形态：'''
[en.equatism_wiki_tooltip]
No matter how enlightened the environment we live in, we must admit that Equestria is born with inequality — some ponies can control magic, some ponies can fly, some ponies are incredibly strong, some ponies are born unlucky, and some ponies can’t even get their cutie marks... As for the inequality between different species, it is even more controversial and should be avoided in any occasion.
But we must also know that all of this is not a privilege or an excuse for discrimination — every pony, and every creature has the right to liberate themselves and develop equally! All the oppressed creatures in the world will unite one day and smash the chains of the old era!

'''Ideologies under Equatism Ethos:'''

[zh.equatism_republic]
社会主义
[en.equatism_republic]
Socialism

[zh.equatism_republic_desc]
社会主义：
社会主义强调生产资料，尤其是魔法的公有制，在实践中通常依靠一党制政府对经济进行干预、发展国营企业、实行计划经济和集体生产等方式，以确保资源的公平分配。在终末之战后，随着气候逐渐变冷，以及提雷克对于小马利亚魔法的掠夺，各个地区都开始出现魔法短缺的现象，农业生产与生活都受到了极大的影响。这期间，一些魔法平等化团体开始在小马利亚各地兴起，他们提议由一个中央委员会收集所有小马们的魔法统一分配，以确保每一位小马都能获得足够的魔法来维持生活、并且国家可以集中仅剩不多的魔法力量来完成一些重要的大规模建设项目。
初期的平等化团体与平等主义政党思路非常粗糙，往往伴随着许多不切实际的魔法收缴方案，因此也没有得到广泛的支持。吸取失败的教训，一些平等主义政党开始强调一党制政府，和优先对魔法以外容易重分配的其他资源进行公有化，例如粮食与钢铁。这些经过改良的平等化举措现在被归类为“社会主义”，逐渐拥有了更高的知名度。而随着余晖烁烁的到来，来自人类世界的出版物与思想传播，“社会主义”有望进一步融合、发展。
[en.equatism_republic_desc]
Socialism:
Socialism emphasizes the public ownership of the means of production, especially magic, and in practice usually relies on a one-party government to intervene in the economy, develop state-owned enterprises, implement planned economy, and collective production to ensure the fair distribution of resources. After the Ultimate Battle, as the climate gradually cooled and Tirek plundered Equestria’s magic, magic shortages began to appear in various regions, greatly affecting agricultural production and life. During this period, some magic egalitarian groups began to rise in various parts of Equestria, proposing that a central committee collect all ponies’ magic for unified distribution to ensure that every pony can obtain enough magic to sustain their lives, and the country can concentrate the remaining magic power to complete some large-scale important construction projects.
The early egalitarian groups and Equatism parties had very rough ideas, often accompanied by many unrealistic magic confiscation plans, so they did not receive widespread support. Learning from the lessons of failure, some Equatism parties began to emphasize one-party government and the public ownership of other resources that are easier to redistribute than magic, such as food and steel. These improved egalitarian measures are now classified as “socialism” and have gradually gained more popularity. With the arrival of Sunset Shimmer, publications and ideas from the human world, “socialism” is expected to further integrate and develop.

[zh.equatism_democracy]
民主社会主义
[en.equatism_democracy]
Democratic Socialism

[zh.equatism_democracy_desc]
民主社会主义：
民主社会主义通常是由一个信奉平等思潮的政党或组织通过和平民主的方式取得执政地位，然后通过立法和行政手段实现平等主义的目标。
历史上，天角兽公主们拥有着巨大的魔法和统治权力，确保着整个国土的稳定与和谐。然而，随着小马社会的逐渐工业化，以及民主思想的出现，关于财富、资源和机会的分配问题逐渐浮出水面。民主社会主义提倡实行一种全新的制度，重要工业由社会共同拥有和监管，为了集体利益，同时保留个体自由。重点转向确保教育、医疗保健和其他基本服务的普遍获得，无论一个小马的魔法能力强弱或种族是什么。诚然，这种历史上从未有过的制度，对于小马们来说是一次巨大的变革，但是甚至连“民主”的概念相对于传统君主制，本身都已经是一大步了，再多多迈出一小步又有何妨？
[en.equatism_democracy_desc]
Democratic Socialism:
Democratic Socialism is usually achieved by a party or organization that believes in Equatism gaining power through peaceful democratic means, and then achieving the goals of Equatism through legislation and administration.
Historically, the Alicorn princesses wielded immense magical and governing powers, ensuring stability and harmony across the land. However, as Equestrian society gradually industrialized with democratic ideas emerged, questions arose about the distribution of wealth, resources, and opportunities. Democratic Socialism advocates for a system where key industries are owned and regulated by the community for the collective good, while still preserving individual liberties. The focus shifted towards ensuring universal access to education, healthcare, and other essential services, regardless of one’s magical abilities or species. Indeed, this unprecedented system is a huge change for ponies, but even the concept of “democracy” itself is a big step compared to traditional monarchies, so what’s wrong with taking one more small step?

[zh.equatism_monarchy]
君主立宪社会主义
[en.equatism_monarchy]
Monarcho-socialism

[zh.equatism_monarchy_desc]
君主立宪社会主义：
一个国家提倡平等的同时尊敬一名至高无上的君主听上去是一种自相矛盾，但是任何理念的提出不得不考虑到现实的存在。在终末之战后的水晶帝国，政党如雨后春笋一般涌现，其中不少选择投入平等主义思潮的怀抱。众多平等主义政党中最具有凝聚力的政党便是音韵主义政党，他们认为终有一日水晶帝国将恢复音韵公主的统治，而音韵公主将会在帝国范围内推行平等主义。由于水晶帝国民众对皇室的好感，加上平等主义对于普通水晶小马利益的关怀，音韵主义政党很快就在水晶帝国具有了不小的影响力。
不幸的是，此时正值和煦光流的加冕仪式前后，小马利亚帝国精神紧绷，帝国警察与官僚们时时刻刻注意着一切可能得不稳定因素 —— 殖民地水晶帝国的音韵主义政党很快成为了下一个清楚目标。在小马利亚帝国强迫水晶帝国理事会做出禁止音韵主义政党的立法决定后，许多音韵主义者不得不转投其他平等主义政党以自保。这些平等主义者不再强调某一位具体的君主，而只是在宣传平等主义思想时表达对皇室的尊重以换取民众的支持，这促成了君主立宪社会主义势力的崛起。时至今日，水晶帝国的众多平等主义政党已经整合成了红色水晶，君主立宪社会主义势力依然是红色水晶中最具影响力的派系。他们主张在水晶帝国继续保持立宪君主制的同时，以红色水晶一党制取代现有的水晶帝国理事会制度，以社会主义宪法取代现有的水晶帝国宪法，最终国家团结在立宪君主的名义下，实现平等主义的目标。
[en.equatism_monarchy_desc]
Monarcho-socialism:
A country advocating equality while respecting a supreme monarch sounds like a self-contradiction, but any ideology must consider the existence of reality. After the Ultimate Battle, political parties in the Crystal Empire emerged like mushrooms after rain, many of which chose to embrace the Equatism ethos. The most cohesive party among the many Equatism parties was the Cadencism party, which believed that one day the Crystal Empire would restore the rule of Princess Cadence, and Princess Cadence would promote Equatism within the empire. Due to the Crystal Empire’s public’s fondness for the royal family, coupled with Equatism’s concern for the interests of ordinary Crystal ponies, the Cadencism party quickly gained considerable influence in the Crystal Empire.
Unfortunately, this was a time of high tension. With the coronation of Cozy Glow coming soon, police and bureaucrats in the Equestria Empire were on high alert for any possible destabilizing factors. The Cadencism party in the colonial Crystal Empire quickly became the next target on the list. After the Equestria Empire forced the Crystal Empire Council to pass legislation banning the Cadencism party, many Cadencists had to switch to other Equatism parties for self-preservation. Instead of promoting any specific monarch, now when promoting Equatism, they only express respect for the royal family in exchange for public support, which led to the rise of Monarcho-socialism. Today, many Equatism parties in the Crystal Empire have been integrated into the Red Crystal, while Monarcho-socialism remains the most influential faction in it. They suggest maintaining the constitutional monarchy in the Crystal Empire while replacing the existing Crystal Empire Council system with the Red Crystal single-party system and the existing Crystal Empire constitution with a socialism constitution, ultimately uniting the country under the name of the constitutional monarch to achieve the goals of Equatism.

[zh.equatism_oligarchy]
国家资本主义
[en.equatism_oligarchy]
State Capitalism

[zh.equatism_oligarchy_desc]
国家资本主义：
尽管国家资本主义者声称自己所支持的政策大多与平等主义者类似，例如支持国营企业、对经济的干预调控、一定程度上的社会福利政策、甚至是中央政府对魔法的有限征收，但大部分平等主义派系都拒绝承认国家资本主义属于平等主义思潮的一部分。来自平等主义的批评者认为，国家资本主义者只是在表面上支持平等主义，实际上却是在维护一种新的特权阶层，这种特权阶层由国家资本主义者自己组成，他们通过国家的力量控制着整个社会的资源。在这里，国有化的目的不再是为了大众的平等服务，而只是打着平等的旗号为官僚中的少数寡头服务。虽然国家资本主义者对这种观点不予置评，但令他们最感到疑惑的是，专制主义者、自由主义者甚至是一些谐律主义者都会将“国家资本主义”当做一句用来攻击平等主义的脏话。
[en.equatism_oligarchy_desc]
State Capitalism:
Although state capitalists claim that most of the policies they support are similar to those of Equatists, such as supporting state-owned enterprises, intervening in and regulating the economy, implementing social welfare policies to some extent, and even limited magic confiscation by the central government, most Equatism factions still refuse to recognize state capitalism as part of the Equatism ethos. Critics from Equatism believe that state capitalists only superficially support Equatism, but in reality, they are maintaining a new privileged class, which is composed of state capitalists themselves, who control the resources of the entire society through the power of the state. Here, the purpose of nationalization is no longer to serve the public equally, but only to serve the few oligarchs in the bureaucracy under the guise of equality. Although state capitalists do not comment on this evaluation, what confuses them the most is that depotists, liberals, and even some Harmonists will use “state capitalism” as a swear word to attack Equatism.

[zh.equatism_tribe]
部落公社
[en.equatism_tribe]
Tribal Commune

[zh.equatism_tribe_desc]
部落公社：
在信奉原始平等主义思潮的部落中，部落成员会合作完成种植、采集与狩猎，随后将所得的粮食统一分配，优先供给部落中的小孩、青壮年以及待产的母亲。虽然他们没有魔法研究，不懂如何对魔法进行均分；他们没有工业化；他们也没有私有财产的概念。这种原始的部落公社可以说是平等主义的最原始形态，他们的生活方式甚至与一些谐律主义者的理想社会也有着异曲同工之处。不过，他们和小马利亚的其他地方又有多少区别呢？整个小马利亚的绝大部分地区，在数千年间都几乎没有发生任何变化，他们如今看似的“原始”生活方式，也不过是和其他地区一样继承数千年的传统而已。
[en.equatism_tribe_desc]
Tribal Commune:
In tribes that believe in primitive Equatism, tribe members cooperate to complete planting, gathering, and hunting, and then distribute the food they obtain uniformly, prioritizing children, young adults, and expectant mothers in the tribe. Although they do not have magic research, do not know how to distribute magic equally; they do not have industrialization; they do not even have the concept of private property. This primitive tribal commune can be said to be the most primitive form of Equatism, and their way of life even has similarities with the ideal society of some Harmonists. However, how different are they from other places in Equestria? Most of Equestria has hardly changed in thousands of years, and their seemingly “primitive” way of life is just an inheritance of traditions that have lasted for thousands of years.

[zh.equatism_freestate]
社会主义公社
[en.equatism_freestate]
Socialism Commune

[zh.equatism_freestate_desc]
社会主义公社：
在终末之战后，随着气候逐渐变冷，以及提雷克对于小马利亚魔法的掠夺，各个地区都开始出现魔法短缺的现象，农业生产与生活都受到了极大的影响。这期间，一些魔法平等化团体开始在小马利亚各地兴起，他们提议由一个中央委员会收集所有小马们的魔法统一分配，以确保每一位小马都能获得足够的魔法来维持生活、并且国家可以集中仅剩不多的魔法力量来完成一些重要的大规模建设项目。
多数这样的公社都失败了，要么被一个国家征服或统一，要么因为缺乏资源而逐渐衰败，要么因为内部矛盾而分裂。最主要的原因是，初期的平等化团体与平等主义政党思路非常粗糙，往往伴随着许多不切实际的魔法收缴方案，因此也没有得到广泛的支持。然而，随着数年的时间过去小马利亚正在完成工业化，除去魔法以外，更多的资源和机会的分配问题被摆上了台面。也许，在改进社会主义公社的设计理念后，这种公社将有机会在小马利亚的某个地方重新出现。
[en.equatism_freestate_desc]
Socialism Commune:
After the Ultimate Battle, as the climate gradually cooled and Tirek plundered Equestria’s magic, magic shortages began to appear in various regions, greatly affecting agricultural production and life. During this period, some magic egalitarian groups began to rise in various parts of Equestria, proposing that a central committee collect all ponies’ magic for unified distribution to ensure that every pony can obtain enough magic to sustain their lives, and the country can concentrate the remaining magic power to complete some large-scale important construction projects.
Most of these communes failed, either conquered or annexed by a country, or gradually declined due to lack of resources, or split due to internal conflicts. The main reason is that the early egalitarian groups and Equatism parties had very rough ideas, often accompanied by many unrealistic magic confiscation plans, so they did not receive widespread support. However, as years passed, Equestria is completing its industrialization, and more resource and opportunity distribution issues were put on the table. Perhaps, after improving the design concept of the socialism commune, this type of commune will have the opportunity to reappear in some part of Equestria.

[zh.equatism_organization]
革命政权
[en.equatism_organization]
Revolutionary Regime

[zh.equatism_organization_desc]
革命政权：
一群或者不满于君主、或者不满于独裁者、或者不满于外国侵略者、或者不满于资本家的底层民众刚刚联合起来推翻了旧政权，建立了新兴的革命政权。接下来他们要去向何处？是组织独立的公社，还是建立一个全新的平等主义共和国？又或者是乘胜追击解放更多的地区，消灭更多的压迫者？眼前，他们所面对的是无数的选择，而他们的首要任务是要确保新生的脆弱政权的稳固。在小马利亚建立一个平等主义革命政权本身就是一种巨大的挑战，环顾四周，他们将面对各种反动势力的围困，而他们的内部也可能会因为权力的争夺，甚至仅仅是不同的理念而分崩离析。但无论火焰最终燃起还是熄灭，在寒风中，他们都将为历史留下一段温暖的记忆。
[en.equatism_organization_desc]
Revolutionary Regime:
A group of public who are dissatisfied with the monarch, or dissatisfied with the dictator, or dissatisfied with the foreign aggressor, or dissatisfied with the capitalist, have just united to overthrow the old regime and establish a new revolutionary regime. Where will they go next? Will they organize independent communes, or establish a brand new Equatism republic? Or will they take advantage of their victory to liberate more areas and eliminate more oppressors? Before them, they face countless choices, and their primary task is to ensure the stability of the new fragile regime. Establishing an Equatism revolutionary regime in Equestria itself is a huge challenge. Looking around, they will face the siege of various reactionary forces, and their internal may also disintegrate due to power struggles, or even just different ideas. But whether the flames eventually ignite or extinguish, in the cold wind, they will leave a warm memory in history.

[zh.equatism_duchy]
解放区
[en.equatism_duchy]
Liberated Zone

[zh.equatism_duchy_desc]
解放区：
在一个外部平等主义政权的帮助下，这里的压迫者政权刚刚被摧毁，这里的公民获得了自由。随后，解放者的意识形态快速涌入，解放区成为了平等主义思想的教育基地。这里的公民，无论自愿还是被强制，终于开始放弃寻找一个新的君主、领袖、民主议会或是神祇的想法，转而关心起身边的同胞。有的解放区以公社形式存在，有的直接成为了解放者国家的一部分，有的则尚未确定自己未来的道路。但就像刚从露娜公主的美梦中醒来小马，给他们多5分钟的恍惚机会吧，清醒总有一天会到来。
[en.equatism_duchy_desc]
Liberated Zone:
With the help of an external Equatism regime, the oppressive regime here has just been destroyed, and the citizens here have gained freedom. Subsequently, the ideology of the liberators quickly poured in, and the liberated zone became an educational base for Equatism. The citizens here, whether voluntarily or forcibly, finally began to abandon the idea of finding a new monarch, leader, democratic parliament, or deity, and began to care about their compatriots. Some liberated zones exist in the form of communes, some directly become part of the liberator’s country, and some have not yet determined their future path. But like a pony who has just awakened from Princess Luna’s beautiful dream, give them five more minutes of wake-up confusion, and the day of awakening will come.

[zh.equatism_authoritarianism]
威权平等主义
[en.equatism_authoritarianism]
Authoritarian Equatism

[zh.equatism_authoritarianism_desc]
威权平等主义：
威权平等主义者尝尝热衷于批判那些社会主义同僚过于温和，也许他们批评的没错：小马利亚无数的社会主义或温和平等主义政权，没有哪一个取得了成功。纵观小马利亚的历史，看到的只有君主、反派、野心家、独裁者，与那些默不作声的民众。威权平等主义者认为，只有通过强制力，才能实现平等。他们中的有些选择诉诸于一个中心领袖，也有些选择一个一党制专政政府或者一个专政委员会，但他们的目标都是一样的：让反动派噤声。在威权平等主义的指导下，国家将会不受干扰地建设平等主义的乌托邦，从国有化，到计划经济，到完全可控的集体化生产；从强制财产重分配，到强制魔法收缴，到完全消除私有化；从平等主义思想教育，到平等主义劳动改造，再到自觉的平等主义学习；从社会教育，到社会医疗，到社会保障。这个国家需要的只是时间。
[en.equatism_authoritarianism_desc]
Authoritarian Equatism:
Authoritarian Equatists are keen to criticize their socialism colleagues for being too gentle, and perhaps they are right: none of the countless socialism or mild Equatism regimes in Equestria have succeeded. Throughout Equestria’s history, all we see are monarchs, villains, ambitious ponies, dictators, and the silent masses. Authoritarian Equatists believe that only through coercion can equality be achieved. Some of them choose to resort to a central figure, and some choose a one-party dictatorship government or a committee dictatorship, but their goals are the same: to silence the reactionaries. Under the guidance of Authoritarian Equatism, the country will be able to build an Equatist utopia undisturbed, from nationalization, to planned economy, to completely controllable collective production; from compulsory property redistribution, to compulsory magic confiscation, to complete elimination of privatization; from Equatism ideological education, to Equatism labor reform camp, to conscious Equatism learning; from social education, to social medical care, to social security. All this country needs is time.

[zh.equatism_totalitarianism]
平等镇主义
[en.equatism_totalitarianism]
Our-Townism

[zh.equatism_totalitarianism_desc]
平等镇主义：
对于极权平等主义的拥簇者来说，他们最大的困难是尝试解释为什么首先提出极权平等主义的星光熠熠如今已经不再相信这一思想了。他们认为是M6的洗脑改变了星光熠熠，使得她不再相信自己曾经正确的理想。我们并不确定，这些极权平等主义者是否得知，星光熠熠在统治平等镇期间偷偷保留了自己的可爱标志，成为镇上唯一的特权阶级。总之，这些极权平等主义者并不会再过度关注星光熠熠了。他们的目标是继续推行平等主义，以一个更加强大的领导者为首，以更加严格的法律为基础，以更加严厉的惩罚为方法，以更严密的监视为保证。他们中也许有少数打着平等旗号的篡权者，但是更多发自真心相信自己将成为英明的平等主义领袖，或者已经在拥护某一位英明的平等主义领袖了。“不依靠支配性的强制力，是不可能实现平等的。” —— 这是平等镇主义者的核心信仰。
[en.equatism_totalitarianism_desc]
Our-Townism:
For the supporters of totalitarian Equatism, their biggest difficulty is trying to explain why Starlight Glimmer, who first proposed totalitarian Equatism, no longer believes in this idea. They believe that M6’s brainwashing has changed Starlight Glimmer, making her no longer believe in her once correct ideals. We are not sure whether these totalitarian Equatists know that Starlight Glimmer secretly retained her cutie mark during her rule of Our Town, becoming the only privileged class in the town. In any case, these totalitarian Equatists will no longer pay excessive attention to Starlight Glimmer. Their goal is to continue to promote Equatism, with a more powerful leader at the helm, based on stricter laws, more severe punishments and more rigorous surveillance. There may be a few of them are usurpers who use the banner of equality, but more of them sincerely believe that they will become wise Equatist leaders, or have already supported a wise Equatist leader. “Equality cannot be achieved without dominant coercion.” — this is the core belief of Our-Townists.

[zh.equatism_utopia]
理想共产主义
[en.equatism_utopia]
Ideal Communism

[zh.equatism_utopia_desc]
理想共产主义：
平等主义的实践在这里取得了空前的成功，他们实现了他们设想中的场景：一个没有国家、没有阶级、没有私有财产的社会。在这里，物质丰富、魔法富足、友谊共享，小马们各取所需，各尽所能。极大发展的生产力保障了每一位小马的生活水平，而平等主义的思想则保障了每一位小马的尊严。不仅于此，他们着眼于国际：一个理想共产主义社会的图景正在逐步变为现实，他们的宣传吸引着世界各地的平等主义者和那些尚处在饥饿和压迫之中的生物们。他们的目标是将这种理想共产主义的社会扩展到整个整个世界。
[en.equatism_utopia_desc]
Ideal Communism:
Here, the practice of Equatism has achieved unprecedented success, and they have realized the scene they envisioned: a society without a state, without classes, without private property. Here, material is abundant, magic is abundant, friendship is shared, and ponies take what they need and do what they can. The greatly developed productive forces guarantee the living standards of every pony, while the idea of Equatism guarantees the dignity of every pony. Not only that, they focus on the international: the vision of an ideal communism society is gradually becoming a reality, and their propaganda attracts Equatists from all over the world and those creatures who are still hungry and oppressed. Their goal is to expand this ideal communism society to the entire world.

[zh.equatism_dystopia]
红色恐怖
[en.equatism_dystopia]
Red Terror

[zh.equatism_dystopia_desc]
红色恐怖：
平等主义的实践在这里失控了，在虚假的表象下隐藏着恐怖的现实。对于反动派的关注改过了对国家自身建设的关注，对于敌人的追捕改过了对公民的保障，对于异议者的镇压改过了对平等主义的宣传。每天，无数的“平等主义的叛徒”被送进审讯室、送进劳改营、送上断头台，或是成为了“国家魔法库”的原料。一些平等主义者中的理想主义者似乎注意到了这个国家有所不太对劲，但是要么不敢说出来，要么就已经在“国家魔法库”中无法发声了。至于当初创立这个国家的那些平等主义者，他们是否还在管理这个国家都已经不得而知了。生活并没有一天天变好，但是至少确实如他们当初承诺一般，一天天变得平等。死亡是最平等的，从上到下，没有谁能够逃脱平等主义的审判。
[en.equatism_dystopia_desc]
Red Terror:
Here, the practice of Equatism has gotten out of control, and under the false appearance hides a terrifying reality. Attention to the reactionaries has changed the focus on the construction of the state itself, the pursuit of enemies has changed the protection of citizens, and the suppression of dissenters has changed the propaganda of Equatism. Every day, countless “Traitors of Equatism” are sent to the interrogation room, sent to labor camps, sent to the guillotine, or become the ingredients of the “National Magic Repository”. Some idealists among the Equatists seem to notice that something is wrong with this country, but either dare not speak out, or have been unable to speak out in the “National Magic Repository”. As for those Equatists who founded this country, it is even unknown whether they are still managing this country. Life is in no way getting better day by day, but at least, as promised at the very beginning, it is getting more and more equal day by day. Death is the most equal, from top to bottom, no one can escape the judgment of Equatism.

[zh.equatism_theocracy]
解放神学
[en.equatism_theocracy]
Liberation Theology

[zh.equatism_theocracy_desc]
解放神学：
虽然一些激进的谐律教徒会将解放神学视作扭曲谐律意志的异端，但多数谐律主义者还是愿意接纳这些宗教徒中的平等主义者。解放神学认为谐律之树、谐律树屋和友谊地图所提倡的谐律主义中，已经包含了平等的思想：和谐之元的力量会消灭尝试成为特权阶级的反派，谐律树屋提倡着跨种族的平等友谊，而友谊地图让小马利亚派出使者去摧毁各个地区的专制独裁者，以及类似于洛马基的资本主义利益集团。因此，“如果谐律之神存在，那么祂一定是一位平等主义者” —— 这是解放神学的核心信仰。
[en.equatism_theocracy_desc]
Liberation Theology:
Although some radical Harmonic theists regard Liberation Theology as a heresy that distorts the will of Harmony, most Harmonists are still willing to accept these Equatists among the believers. Liberation Theology believes that the Harmonism advocated by the Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map already contains the idea of equality: the power of the Elements of Harmony will eliminate the villains who try to become a privileged class, the Treehouse of Harmony advocates cross-racial friendship with equality, and the Friendship Map sends Equestria’s envoys to destroy the dictators in various regions, as well as capitalist groups similar to the ones in Las Pegasus. Therefore, “if the deity of Harmony exists, then it must be an Equatist” — this is the core belief of Liberation Theology.

[zh.equatism_technocracy]
远视主义
[en.equatism_technocracy]
Ultravisionary

[zh.equatism_technocracy_desc]
远视主义：
许多自由主义者会批判平等主义是一种低效的社会生产模式：魔法不该被集中和公平分配，而应该属于那些最优天赋的个体；同样，财富也应该属于那些最有能力赚钱的个体，这意味着一个自由市场的筛选。但是至少，自由主义者不敢使用同样的论调批判远视主义：在远视主义的理想国家中，整个国家都团结在一起，将资源集中用于科学和魔法技术的发展。他们将取得比任何自称有天赋的个体更大的进步，而他们进步也不仅仅是造福于那些有天赋的个体，而是造福于整个国家的每一位公民。
然而，即使自由主义者较少从效率角度尝试批评远视主义理念，远视主义受到更多的批评来自于同为平等主义阵营的其他派系：他们认为远视主义过于强调科技和魔法的发展，而忽视了平等主义的核心理念。在他们看来，远视主义的理想国家是一个冷酷的机器，而不是一个温暖的家园。另外，实践中，又有谁能够指明国家资源倾斜的方向呢？塞拉斯蒂娅执政千年，将小马利亚的稳定全部押注在了友谊上，最终都没能取得成功，凭什么一个平庸的远视主义领袖能预测最有前景的科学技术与魔法的未来呢？即使是曾经同时擅长统治与研究的暮光闪闪，也很难说能够资格成为一个远视主义领袖。
[en.equatism_technocracy_desc]
Ultravisionary:
Many liberals criticize Equatism as an inefficient social production model: magic should not be concentrated and distributed fairly, but should belong to those with the best talents; similarly, wealth should belong to those who are most capable of making money, which means a free market selection. But at least, those liberls can not use the same argument to criticize Ultravisionary: in the ideal country of Ultravisionary, the entire country is united and resources are concentrated on the development of science and magic technology. They will make greater progress than any individual who claims to have talent, and their progress will not only benefit those talented individuals, but also benefit every citizen of the entire country.
However, even though liberls are less likely to criticize Ultravisionary from an efficiency perspective, Ultravisionary receives a lot criticism from other factions within the Equatism ethos: they believe that Ultravisionary place too much emphasis on the development of technology and magic, and neglect the core idea of equality. In their view, the ideal country of Ultravisionary is a cold machine, not a warm home. By the way, in practice, who can point out the direction of the country’s resource tilt? Celestia ruled for a thousand years, betting all of Equestria’s stability on friendship, and ultimately failed. Why should an ordinary Ultravisionary leader be able to predict the future of the most promising scientific technology and magic then? Even Twilight Sparkle, who was good at both ruling and researching, would find it difficult to qualify as an Ultravisionary leader.

[zh.equatism_militarism]
战时社会主义
[en.equatism_militarism]
War Socialism

[zh.equatism_militarism_desc]
战时社会主义：
社会主义综合考虑全体公民的利益，但在战争时期，全体公民都不得不做出一些小小的牺牲，来确保政权的稳定与国家的安全。即使是最温和的社会主义政权，在战争期间也不得不采取一些相对强硬的政策，例如魔法的收集、资源的征用、义务兵役、军队接管政权、计划生产、新闻管制、举报制度等等。这些政策在战争结束后也许会被废除，但有时候没有谁可以预测战争的结果，也许这些政策会不幸成为永久的。
[en.equatism_militarism_desc]
War Socialism:
Socialism takes into account the interests of all citizens, but during wartime, all citizens have to make small sacrifices to ensure the stability of the regime and the security of the country. Even the most moderate socialism regime has to adopt some relatively tough policies during wartime, such as magic confiscation, resource requisition, compulsory military service, military takeover of the regime, planned production, news censorship, reporting system, and so on. These policies may be abolished after the war ends, but sometimes no one can predict the outcome of the war, and these policies may unfortunately become permanent.

[zh.equatism_dogmatism]
极端平均主义
[en.equatism_dogmatism]
Extreme Egalitarianism

[zh.equatism_dogmatism_desc]
极端平均主义：
极端平均主义拒绝承认其他的平等主义派系的合法性：如果不是所有生物都拥有完全相同的权利、完全相同的资源、完全相同的魔法、完全相同的财富、完全相同的机遇、完全相同的教育，那怎么能算“平等”呢？极端平均主义者采用一种端水的方式，永远将社会资源倾斜到整个社会的最弱势群体，直到所有的小马都拥有完全相同的一切。他们认为，只有这样，社会才能真正实现平等，只有这样，社会才能真正实现和谐。只不过，到目前为止，还没有任何一个平均主义政策达到它理想中的目标。更重要的是，对于其他国家来说呢？外国公民也应该与这里的公民保持相同的平均水平吗？
[en.equatism_dogmatism_desc]
Extreme Egalitarianism:
Extreme Egalitarianism refuses to recognize the legitimacy of other Equatism factions: if not all creatures have exactly the same rights, exactly the same resources, exactly the same magic, exactly the same wealth, exactly the same opportunities, exactly the same education, how can it be called “equality”? Extreme Egalitarianists use an extreme way to always tilt social resources to the most disadvantaged groups in society until all ponies have exactly the same everything. They believe that only in this way can society truly achieve equality, and only in this way can society truly achieve harmony. However, so far, no egalitarian policy has achieved its ideal goal. More importantly, what about other countries? Should foreign citizens also maintain the same average level as the citizens here?

[zh.equatism_federal]
国际主义
[en.equatism_federal]
Internationalism

[zh.equatism_federal_desc]
国际主义：
国际主义者不仅在乎在自己的国家或种族内实行平等主义政策，他们还认为自己肩负着解放整个小马利亚世界的任务：小马、幻形灵、狮鹫等所有种族的社会底层劳动者应该团结起来，一同消灭那些反派、独裁者、资本家与怪物。然而，美好的理想总是在现实中饱受煎熬：如何说服本国的居民，在自己的生存与幸福还在危险的情况下，去关心其他国家的居民呢？如何说服其他国家的居民，去行动起来推翻他们的压迫者呢？如何说服其他国家的领导者，去接受自己的平等主义政策呢？国际主义者们一直在寻找答案，但至今为止，他们还没有找到一个能够让所有国家都接受的答案。
[en.equatism_federal_desc]
Internationalism:
Internationalists not only care about implementing Equatism policies within their own country or species, but they also believe that they have the task of liberating the entire Equestria world: ponies, changelings, griffons, etc., all the workers from the bottom of their society should unite and eliminate the villains, dictators, capitalists, and monsters together. However, beautiful ideals always suffer in reality: how to persuade the residents of their own country to care about the residents of other countries when their own survival and happiness are still in danger? How to persuade the residents of other countries to take action to overthrow their oppressors? How to persuade the leaders of other countries to accept their Equatism policies? Internationalists have been looking for answers, but so far, they have not found an answer that all countries can accept.

