[zh.harmonicism]
谐律思潮
[en.harmonicism]
Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_noun]
谐律思潮
[en.harmonicism_noun]
Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_desc]
谐律思潮
[en.harmonicism_desc]
Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_drift]
谐律思潮倾向
[en.harmonicism_drift]
Harmonism drift

[zh.harmonicism_acceptance]
谐律思潮外交接纳度
[en.harmonicism_acceptance]
Harmonism acceptance

[zh.harmonicism_wiki_tooltip]
“友谊是魔法！” 我想这在小马利亚并不是个需要被过多讨论的问题 —— 直到曾经那些友谊的先驱、定义者都已经逐渐远去。谐律的概念在每个小马的心中日渐模糊，不同的派系开始形成，一个主张和谐的思潮本身，最终成为了导致相当多分歧的源头。
有时，也许我们需要做的只是回头看看，回想起我们出发的初衷，回忆起那些曾经的友谊，回忆起那些曾经的谐律。

'''谐律思潮下的意识形态：'''
[en.harmonicism_wiki_tooltip]
“Friendship is Magic!” I think this is not a question that needs to be discussed too much in Equestria — until those pioneers and definers of friendship have gradually gone away. The concept of harmony is becoming increasingly blurred in the hearts of ponies, different factions are beginning to form, and an Ethos that advocates harmony itself has ultimately become the source of quite a lot of disagreements.
Sometimes, maybe all we need to do is look back, remember why we started, remember those friendships, remember those harmonies.

'''Ideologies under Harmonism Ethos:'''

[zh.harmonicism_republic]
承袭谐律主义
[en.harmonicism_republic]
Conservative Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_republic_desc]
承袭谐律主义：
“友谊就是魔法”，因为对于谐律理念的不同解读而互相争吵是一种愚蠢的行为。慷慨，诚实，欢笑，善良，忠诚，魔法... 这些让小马们之间可以友善、和谐相处的美好品德自然就是谐律，正如谐律树、谐律树屋、友谊地图所认证的那样。从星璇，到塞拉斯蒂娅，再到暮光闪闪，一代代伟大的小马们用自己的行为诠释了谐律的含义，而我们也应铭记这一切。
无论如今这个世界如何扭曲，谐律理念被歪曲或者妖魔化，每只小马的心中都天然有着一杆秤：每只小马本就有能力衡量自己的行为是否符合谐律，而不需要任何政府或者领袖来告诉他们什么是谐律。因为谐律主义不是一种政治理念，而是一种朴素的价值观，一种自然的生活方式。
[en.harmonicism_republic_desc]
Conservative Harmonism:
“Friendship IS Magic”, and it is a foolish act to argue with each other because of different interpretations of the idea of harmony. Generosity, honesty, laughter, kindness, loyalty, magic... These beautiful virtues that allow ponies to get along with each other in a friendly and harmonious way are naturally harmony, just as certified by the Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map. From Star Swirl, to Princess Celestia, to Twilight Sparkle, generations of great ponies have interpreted the meaning of harmony with their own actions, and we should also remember them all.
No matter how distorted this world is today, whether the idea of harmony is misinterpreted or demonized, every pony’s heart naturally has a balance: every pony has the ability to measure whether their behavior conforms to harmony, without any government or leader telling them what is harmony or what is not. Because Harmonism is not a political idea, but a simple value, a natural way of life.

[zh.harmonicism_democracy]
民主谐律主义
[en.harmonicism_democracy]
Democratic Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_democracy_desc]
民主谐律主义：
每只小马对于谐律都可能有属于自己的理解，多数时候，他们的理解是一致的，但有时他们会出现分歧。这时候，最简单的解决方法自然是通过投票来决定。让尽可能多的小马满意，这就是民主的意义，这就是社会谐律最大化的方式。
谐律蕴藏在我们每一只小马心中，而我们每一只小马共同组成了谐律，这一点对于其他种族的生物也是适用的。
[en.harmonicism_democracy_desc]
Democratic Harmonism:
Everypony may have their own understanding of harmony, and most of the time, their understanding is consistent, but sometimes they may have differences. At this time, the simplest solution is naturally to decide by voting. To satisfy as many ponies as possible, this is the meaning of democracy, and this is the way to maximize social harmony.
Harmony is hidden in the heart of every pony, and every pony together forms harmony, which is also applicable to creatures of other species.

[zh.harmonicism_monarchy]
塞拉斯蒂娅主义
[en.harmonicism_monarchy]
Celestiaism

[zh.harmonicism_monarchy_desc]
塞拉斯蒂娅主义：
在塞拉斯蒂娅公主为小马们的福祉忍痛将妹妹梦魇之月送上月球之后，在她的统治下，小马国享受了千年的和平与繁荣。由一名公认的谐律主义君主领导国家，这便是塞拉斯蒂娅主义的核心。在这种政治体制下，虽然君主拥有几乎绝对的权力，但谐律主义理念本身约束着君主的行为。诚然，即使是近乎完美的塞拉斯蒂娅也不可能做到不犯错误，但在千年的时间尺度上，很难说她的统治是不成功的。
然而，值得注意的是，塞拉斯蒂娅主义从未能很好地解决权力交接的问题：没有君主可以永远统治，在寻找继任者的问题上，塞拉斯蒂娅失败了。这也是小马国进入如今局面的原因，因此如何确保谐律主义君主的延续，是一个值得深思的问题。塞拉斯蒂娅主义面临的另一个问题则更加现实：这个名字已经不再允许被提起了。有些小马想将其改名为“谐律主义君主制”，不过这个名字还未能有比较高的流传度。
[en.harmonicism_monarchy_desc]
Celestiaism:
After Princess Celestia sent her sister Nightmare Moon to the moon for the well-being of the ponies, under her rule, Equestria has enjoyed a millennium of peace and prosperity. A well-recognized Harmonic monarch leads the country —— this is the core of Celestiaism. In this political system, although the monarch has almost absolute power, the idea of harmony itself constrains the monarch’s behavior. Indeed, even the near-perfect Princess Celestia cannot avoid making mistakes, but it is difficult to say that her rule is unsuccessful over a millennium.
However, it is worth noting that Celestiaism has never been able to solve the problem of power transfer: no monarch can rule forever, and in the issue of finding a successor, Celestia failed. This is also the reason why Equestria has entered the current situation, so how to ensure the continuity of the Harmonic monarch is a problem worth thinking about. Another more realistic problem faced by Celestiaism is that this name is no longer allowed to be mentioned. Some ponies want to rename it “Harmonic Monarchy”, but this name has not been popularized yet.

[zh.harmonicism_oligarchy]
暮光主义
[en.harmonicism_oligarchy]
Twilightism

[zh.harmonicism_oligarchy_desc]
暮光主义：
慷慨，诚实，欢笑，善良，忠诚，还有魔法。六只小马共同组成了友谊委员会，分管不同的谐律精神，共同维护小马国的和谐。友谊委员会的成员可能会退休，但她们所代表的理念会一代代传承下去；旧的谐律理念可能会被新的谐律理念所替代，领袖也会培养属于自己的学徒，但是谐律主义的核心永远不会改变——
可惜这一切都并未发生。不过，这重要吗？暮光闪闪的学徒们依然在小马利亚的各个角落活动者，她所书写的《友谊日记》至今仍在地下出版社，总有一天，新的友谊委员会会再次出现，继续维护小马国的和谐 —— 即使其中的成员已经不再是原来的那六只小马。不过，这重要吗？
[en.harmonicism_oligarchy_desc]
Twilightism:
Generosity, honesty, laughter, kindness, loyalty, and magic. Six ponies together formed the Friendship Committee, each in charge of her own spirit of harmony, jointly maintaining the harmony of Equestria. Members of the Friendship Committee may retire, but the ideas they represent will be passed down from generation to generation; old ideas of harmony may be replaced by new ideas of harmony, and the leader will also cultivate her own apprentices, but the core of Harmonism will never change ——
So sad that none of this has happened. But does it matter? Twilight Sparkle’s apprentices are still active in every corner of Equestria, and her “Friendship Journals” are still published in underground publishing houses. Someday, a new Friendship Committee will appear again and continue to maintain the harmony of Equestria —— even if the members are no longer the original six ponies. But does it matter?

[zh.harmonicism_tribe]
谐律部落
[en.harmonicism_tribe]
Harmonic Tribe

[zh.harmonicism_tribe_desc]
谐律部落：
谐律的理念在小马利亚是如此的普遍，以至于尚未进入文明时代的原始部落也有可能采纳谐律为其指导意识形态。这样的社会从某种程度上停留在一个颇为原始的状态，社会各个成员间一般以血缘关系链接起来，在广袤的原始环境中过着刀耕火种，与世无争的生活。有时，则是数个部落形成松散的联合，勉强统治相当广袤的一片区域。这些部落成员都在一定程度上认同谐律主义，尽管他们的谐律主义思想还颇为原始和简陋，甚至都不清楚什么是谐律。唯一重要的是，他们生活中往往团结互助，平等合作，有学者认为这就是现代谐律主义的雏形。
例如，野牛部落曾经与苹果家族爆发过旷日持久的冲突：野牛部落认为定居的苹果家族殖民者破坏了他们的环境，夺走了他们的家园。但最终，在暮光闪闪等小马的调停下，野牛部落与苹果家族达成了和解，在同一片土地上互利生活着。自那之后，雷蹄酋长便成为了部落的谐律主义酋长，野牛在苹果家族的帮助下逐渐走向了文明。
[en.harmonicism_tribe_desc]
Harmonic Tribe:
The idea of harmony is so common in Equestria that even primitive tribes that have not yet entered the civilized era may adopt harmony as their guiding ideology. Such a society is to some extent in a rather primitive state, with social members generally linked by blood relationships, living a life of farming and hunting in the vast natural environment, and living a life of peace. Sometimes, several tribes form a loose alliance, barely ruling a fairly empty area. The members of these tribes all recognize Harmonism to some extent, although their Harmonic ideas are still quite primitive and rudimentary, and they are not even clear about what harmony is. All that matters is that they often live in unity and mutual assistance, equal cooperation, and some scholars believe that this is the prototype of modern Harmonism.
For example, the Buffalo Tribe once had a long-standing conflict with the Apple Family: the Buffalo Tribe believed that the settled Apple Family colonists had destroyed their environment and taken away their homeland. But in the end, with the mediation of ponies such as Twilight Sparkle, the Buffalo Tribe and the Apple Family reached a reconciliation and lived mutually beneficially on the same land. Since then, Chief Thunderhooves has become the Harmonic chief of the tribe, and the buffalo gradually moved towards civilization with the help of the Apple Family.

[zh.harmonicism_freestate]
谐律城邦
[en.harmonicism_freestate]
Harmonic Freestate

[zh.harmonicism_freestate_desc]
谐律城邦：
谐律主义城邦最早出现在前长老时期，那时飞马、陆马、独角兽已经达成了和解，在全小马利亚的范围内建立起许多族群混居的城邦。由于长期的种族混居以及风之魔残余造成的古代通信不便，原有的天马帝国等类似的单一种族国家缓慢解体，于是各个地区以谐律城邦的形式存在了相当长一段时间，直到两公主取得统治权。
而谐律城邦再一次兴起，则是终末之战后。在战后的第一年，皇家委员会并未来得及恢复与全国的联系，许多城市失去了与坎特洛特的联系，形成了独立的谐律城邦。例如早期的梅耶领导下的小马谷，以及黑帮火拼之前的马哈顿。
[en.harmonicism_freestate_desc]
Harmonic Freestate:
The Harmonic freestates first appeared in the pre-Pillars era, when pegasi, earth ponies, and unicorns had reached a reconciliation and established many freestates throughout Equestria where different species coexisted. Due to the long-term coexistence and the inconvenience of ancient communication caused by the remnants of the Windigos, the original single-species countries such as the Pegasi Empire slowly disintegrated, so various regions existed in the form of Harmonic freestates for quite a long time until the two princesses gained control.
The rise of Harmonic freestates again was after the Ultimate Battle. In the first year after the war, the Royal Council did not have time to restore contact with the whole country, and many cities lost contact with Canterlot, forming independent Harmonic freestates. For example, the early Ponyville led by Mayor Mare, and Manehattan before the gang wars.

[zh.harmonicism_organization]
谐律法团主义
[en.harmonicism_organization]
Harmonic Corporatism

[zh.harmonicism_organization_desc]
谐律法团主义：
法团主义者相信各个不同阶层可以通过代表协商解决分歧，这与谐律主义者的理念不谋而合：没有什么是不能平静地坐下来好好谈谈的。只不过，传统的法团主义通常诉诸威权或者一个领袖来主持各个利益集团间的协商，而谐律主义者则认为这种协商可以自发地发生，不需要任何外部的强制 —— 只要所有阶层都认同谐律主义的理念。
曾经有少数政治评论家对暮光闪闪的批评，便是其在解决诸多友谊问题时采取谐律法团主义的立场，并不纠结于矛盾的开端而只是寻求矛盾的解决。不过，由于暮光闪闪的调停在所有时候是成功的，虽然在调停过程中可能使用暴力手段，但结果且并没有涉及强制某一方做出让步，因此这种观点反而被谐律法团主义者认为是对暮光闪闪行为的一种肯定，法团主义者也时常喜欢用暮光的行为来为自己背书和辩护。因为暮光闪闪的100%成功率，使得谐律法团主义者们从未尝试过回答：如果协商机制失败，一致意见未能达成，该如何处理？
[en.harmonicism_organization_desc]
Harmonic Corporatism:
Corporatists believe that different classes can resolve their differences through representative negotiations, which coincides with the idea of Harmonists: there is nothing that cannot be calmly discussed. However, traditional corporatism usually resorts to authoritarianism or a leader to preside over negotiations between various interest groups, while Harmonists believe that such negotiations can occur spontaneously without any external coercion —— as long as all classes agree with the idea of Harmonism.
There have been a few political commentators who criticized Twilight Sparkle for taking a Harmonic corporatist stance in resolving many friendship issues, not being entangled in the beginning of the conflicts but only seeking the resolution of the conflicts. However, due to the success of Twilight Sparkle’s mediation in all cases, although violence may be used in the mediation process, the result does not involve forcing one party to make concessions. That’s why the criticism, by Harmonic corporatists’ perspective, is considered rather an affirmation of Twilight Sparkle’s behavior. Corporatists also often like to use Twilight’s behavior to endorse and defend themselves. Because of Twilight Sparkle’s 100% success rate, Harmonic corporatists have never tried to answer: what to do if the negotiation mechanism fails and a consensus cannot be reached?

[zh.harmonicism_duchy]
谐律学徒
[en.harmonicism_duchy]
Harmonism Apprentice

[zh.harmonicism_duchy_desc]
谐律学徒：
在小马利亚的千年历史上，最不缺少的就是入侵小马利亚而被击败的征服者反派了。通常，他们会在中央小马利亚以外的地区建立邪恶的帝国，并在不被塞拉斯蒂娅或者暮光闪闪注意到的情况下奴役当地居民数年甚至数百年。之后不知道为什么，他们总会被膨胀的野心遮蔽理智的双眼，选择入侵小马利亚，然后被彩虹激光击败。此时，失去反派领袖的邪恶帝国应该如何处理呢？多数时候，当地居民中的积极反抗者会被拥护成为新的领袖，而整个地区也将重建文明，并向解放了他们的小马利亚进行学习，从而成为谐律学徒。
成为谐律学徒的国家往往会受到小马利亚的文化、政治、经济等方面受到很大影响，甚至有时候会被误认为是小马利亚的附庸国。不过，链接宗主国与附庸国的唯一纽带是对谐律主义的共同信仰，而不是政治上的控制，也不是彩虹激光一样的大规模杀伤性武器。
[en.harmonicism_duchy_desc]
Harmonism Apprentice:
In the thousand-year history of Equestria, the thing that is least lacking is the conqueror villains who invaded Equestria and were defeated. Usually, they will establish evil empires in areas outside central Equestria and enslave the local residents for several years or even hundreds of years without being noticed by Princess Celestia or Twilight Sparkle. After that, for some reason, they always let their inflated ambitions blind their rational eyes, choose to invade Equestria, and then be defeated by the rainbow laser. At this time, how should the evil empire without the villain leader be handled? Most of the time, the active resistors among the local residents will be supported as the new leader, and the entire region will rebuild civilization and learn from the Equestria that liberated them, thus becoming Harmonism apprentices.
Countries that become Harmonism apprentices are often greatly influenced by Equestria in terms of culture, politics, economy, etc., and sometimes are mistakenly regarded as vassal states of Equestria. However, the only link between the suzerain state and the vassal state is the common belief in Harmonism, not political control, nor mass destruction weapons like the rainbow laser.

[zh.harmonicism_authoritarianism]
威权谐律主义
[en.harmonicism_authoritarianism]
Authoritarian Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_authoritarianism_desc]
威权谐律主义：
虽然这在历史上从未发生过，但天鹅委员会曾经早就制定过此种情况的预案。在梦魇之月回归的数年前，塞拉斯蒂娅的第一位学生余晖烁烁的出逃，曾经对塞拉斯蒂娅公主造成了不小的打击。据说她有两三个周的时间没有在公众场合露面，也没能处理政务。在此期间，天鹅委员会曾经假设过最坏的情况：如果塞拉斯蒂娅性格变化，从一位慈爱的领袖变为一位冷酷无情的铁腕统治者，小马利亚应该如何应对？这一预案被认为是首个对威权谐律主义国家的假想：领袖仍然是谐律主义者，但是她的行为准则已经不再受到谐律主义的约束。相比于通过培养学生、宣传理念、身体力行来推广谐律，更加依赖于政府的强制力的这种政治体制被认为依然是谐律主义的变种而非专制主义。在这一结论基础上，预案一致决定，政府将会继续拥护塞拉斯蒂娅的统治，直到她的行为出现与谐律主义的完全背离。
幸运的是，这一预案从未被执行过，预案所假设的情形也从未发生过。时至今日，没有多少小马知道这项秘密预案的存在，甚至没有多少小马知道天鹅委员会的存在。然而，在和煦光流控制皇家委员会后不久，这一预案曾被短暂提及，随着政府成员认定“和煦光流将不会被认可为一位谐律主义领袖”，以及委员会的相继倒台，这一预案最终也未能重启。但也许，随着当前时代愈发走向混乱，我们将会见到一位威权谐律主义领袖的出现。
[en.harmonicism_authoritarianism_desc]
Authoritarian Harmonism:
Although this has never happened in history, the Swanifying Committee had long ago formulated a plan for this situation. Several years before the return of Nightmare Moon, the first student of Princess Celestia, Sunset Shimmer, fleeing had caused a great blow to Princess Celestia. It is said that she did not appear in public for two or three weeks and did not handle government affairs. During this period, the Swanifying Committee once assumed the worst case: if Princess Celestia’s personality changed from a loving leader to a ruthless iron-fisted ruler, how should Equestria respond? This plan is considered the first hypothetical of an authoritarian Harmonism country: the leader is still a Harmonist, but her code of conduct is no longer constrained by Harmonism. Compared to promoting harmony through cultivating students, propagating ideas, and practicing it, this political system that relies more on the coercive power of the government is considered to be a variant of Harmonism rather than despotism. Based on this conclusion, the plan unanimously decided that the government would continue to support Princess Celestia’s rule until her behavior completely deviated from Harmonism.

[zh.harmonicism_totalitarianism]
极权谐律主义
[en.harmonicism_totalitarianism]
Totalitarian Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_totalitarianism_desc]
极权谐律主义：
极权谐律主义听上去是一种不太可能存在的政治体制，但并不难想象：在这里，谐律主义领袖会对所有谐律的敌人施加最严厉的惩罚。这种政治体制的座右铭是“只要目的正当，可以不择手段”：只要是为了谐律，任何手段都可以使用。监视、审查、逮捕、处决，如果所有的不和谐分子都从社会上消失或者至少无法发出声音，那么这个社会就永远只能是和谐的。当然，老实的谐律主义者可能会寻味关于“不和谐分子”的定义，但是，这种政治体制的领袖们并不会在意这些。
[en.harmonicism_totalitarianism_desc]
Totalitarian Harmonism:
Totalitarian Harmonism sounds like a political system that is unlikely to exist, but it is not difficult to imagine: here, the Harmonism leader will impose the harshest punishment on all enemies of harmony. “The end justifies the means” is the motto of this political system: as long as it is for the sake of harmony, any means can be used. Surveillance, censorship, arrest, execution, if all disharmonious forces disappear from society or at least cannot make a sound, then this society can only be harmonious forever. Of course, honest Harmonists may ponder the definition of “disharmonious forces”, but the leaders of this political system do not care about these.

[zh.harmonicism_utopia]
谐律主义乌托邦
[en.harmonicism_utopia]
Harmonism Utopia

[zh.harmonicism_utopia_desc]
谐律主义乌托邦：
谐律主义的实践在这里取得了空前的成功，所有生物都生活在和谐的环境中，幸福而满足。也许这里的粮食产量或是经济发展并不是最好的，但这里的居民一定是最幸福的。每一位居民都拥有关心他/她的朋友，同时也都有关爱其他小马的心。
魔法从这里诞生，魔法在这里绽放。我们的友谊愈发坚强，不畏风雨与时光。而最伟大的力量，是友谊魔法的成长。
[en.harmonicism_utopia_desc]
Harmonism Utopia:
Here, the practice of Harmonism has achieved unprecedented success, and all creatures live in a harmonious environment, happy and satisfied. Perhaps the food production or economic development here is not the best, but the residents here must be the happiest. Every citizen has friends who care about him/her, and at the same time, they all have a heart that loves other ponies.
This is where the magic happens, this is where the magic lives. Our friendships weave together stronger, the bonds grow deeper, lasting longer. And the greatest spell you'll know, is how the magic of friendship grows.

[zh.harmonicism_dystopia]
谐律主义反乌托邦
[en.harmonicism_dystopia]
Harmonism Dystopia

[zh.harmonicism_dystopia_desc]
谐律主义反乌托邦：
谐律主义的实践在这里失控了，在虚假的表象下隐藏着恐怖的现实。即使没有任何强制机器在逼迫居民，但“不要成为不和谐分子”已经成为了每一名居民的思想钢印。友谊并非不需要花费精力的：在这里，所有居民的一言一行都如履薄冰。一句不经意间的咒骂就可能会让你堕入万劫不复的深渊，一句言不由衷的赞美也可能会让你面对整个社会的攻击。如果你对谐律的信仰不是发自真心，那么你战栗中的伪装就不可能逃过所有居民的审视。
相比于那些充满压迫感的警察国家，这里没有强权，没有监视，但却比强权更加恐怖，比监视更加窒息：这里的每一名居民都是监视者，每一名居民都是审判者。或许，降低自己的存在感是在这个社会生存的唯一信条：只要不被注意到，就不会被控诉为不和谐。每一位居民都在努力地隐藏自己的存在，隐私是这个国家最珍贵的奢侈品。事实上，尽管这里没有法律，已经很难再找得到任何一项“合法”的行为了。而即使什么都不做，也将是消极的不和谐分子才会做的事。
[en.harmonicism_dystopia_desc]
Harmonism Dystopia:
Here, the practice of Harmonism has gotten out of control, and under the false appearance hides a terrifying reality. Even without any coercive machine forcing the residents, “do not become a disharmonious force” is ironed into the minds of every resident. Friendship is not without effort: here, every word and deed of all residents is like walking on thin ice. A casual curse may plunge you into an abyss of no return. A hypocritical praise may also expose you to the attack of the entire society. If your belief in harmony is not sincere, then your trembling disguise cannot escape the scrutiny of all residents.
Compared to those oppressive police states, there is no tyranny here, no surveillance, but it is more terrifying than tyranny, more suffocating than surveillance: every resident here is a watcher, and every resident here is a judge. Perhaps, lowering your own presence is the only creed to survive in this society: as long as you are not noticed, you will not be accused of disharmony. Every resident is trying to hide their existence, and privacy is the most precious luxury in this country. In fact, though there is no law here, it is already difficult to find any “legal” behavior. And even if you do nothing, it will be something that only a passive disharmonious force will do.

[zh.harmonicism_theocracy]
谐律教
[en.harmonicism_theocracy]
Harmonic Theocracy

[zh.harmonicism_theocracy_desc]
谐律教：
在意识形态的舞台上，总有小马无休止地为“什么是谐律主义”而争吵，但谐律教徒可以给出一个非常清晰的答案：谐律不是一种虚无缥缈的价值观，而是一种物理存在的力量。谐律之树、谐律树屋、友谊地图都是这位神灵的代言者，而暮光闪闪等公主则是这位神灵的使者。“谐律之树拥有自己的意志，并且可以通过语言表达。” 这一论点杀死了所有的争论：如果大家都认同“友谊是魔法”，那么获得魔力认证的友谊自然是最标准的谐律。如果你的友谊没有为你带来魔法，那么你一定搞错了什么。
但另一方面，自上次谐律之树幻化成暮光闪闪的形象已经过去数年之久，没有谐律教徒可以回答为什么谐律之树已经长时间保持沉默。有的异见者认为谐律之神已死，世界将不再获得庇护；还有一些极端者认为审判日即将到来，谐律之神将在沉默中杀死我们所有生物；更多的温和者相信这只是一次考验，谐律之神正在检验我们在最为难时刻的虔诚。不过随着风之魔一天天逼近，谐律教徒中的悲观主义者正在越来越多：也许自己信仰的神灵已经在神界的战争中落败了。
[en.harmonicism_theocracy_desc]
Harmonic Theocracy:
On the stage of ideology, there are always ponies endlessly arguing about “what is Harmonism”, but Harmonic theists can give a very clear answer: Harmony is not an elusive value, but a physical force. The Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map are the agents of this deity, and Princess Twilight Sparkle and other princesses are the messengers of this deity. “The Tree of Harmony has its own will and can express itself through spoken language.” This argument kills all disputes: if everyone agrees that “friendship is magic”, then friendship that has been certified by magic is naturally the most standard harmony. If your friendship has not brought you magic, then you must have done something wrong.
But on the other hoof, it has been several years since the last time the Tree of Harmony transformed, that time into the image of Twilight Sparkle. No Harmonic theist can answer why the Tree of Harmony has remained silent for so long. Some dissenters believe that the deity of harmony is dead now and the world will no longer be protected; some extremists believe that Judgment Day is coming, and the deity of harmony will kill all of us in silence; more moderates believe that this is just a test, and the deity of harmony is testing our faith when it is tested the most. However, as the Windigos approach day by day, the pessimists among the Harmonic theists are increasing: perhaps the deity they believe in has already been defeated in the war of the deities.

[zh.harmonicism_technocracy]
谐律理性主义
[en.harmonicism_technocracy]
Harmonic Rationalism

[zh.harmonicism_technocracy_desc]
谐律理性主义：
“友谊是魔法”，一句非常有吸引力而朗朗上口的口号。但谐律主义中的理性主义者往往并不买账：连魔法是什么都搞不清楚已经很糟糕了，还要引入模糊的“友谊”概念？因此，谐律理性主义者们主张通过科学的方式彻底解决友谊的谜团。首先，魔法的作用原理是什么？能量如何传递？物质如何作用？接着，友谊是怎样影响魔法的？任何生物之间都可以吗？石头可以产生友谊魔法吗？多好的关系才能称得上是“友谊”？...
谐律理性主义者们强调对照实验是必要的，但他们的研究似乎总是遇到某种“友谊幽灵”：是否进行实验观测似乎会影响友谊的产生，相同的事件在重复实验中会因是否观测而产生不同的结果。“友谊魔法不掷骰子”，他们中的一些坚信这一点，但事实上，早在数年前，无序与暮光闪闪就已经否定了谐律理性主义。随着科技的进步，这些理性主义者们似乎又有了新的研究方向，他们只是想再试一次。
[en.harmonicism_technocracy_desc]
Harmonic Rationalism:
“Friendship is magic”, a very attractive and catchy slogan. But the rationalists in Harmonism often don’t buy it: it’s already bad enough that we don’t know what magic is, and we have to introduce the vague concept of “friendship”? Therefore, the Harmonic rationalists advocate solving the mystery of friendship thoroughly through scientific methods. First, what is the principle of magic? How does energy transfer? How does matter act? Then, how does friendship affect magic? Can it be between any creatures? Can rocks produce friendship magic? How good a relationship can be called “friendship”?...
Harmonic rationalists emphasize that controlled experiments are necessary, but their research always seems to encounter some “friendship phantoms”: whether conducting experimental observations seems to affect the generation of friendship, and the same event will produce different results in repeated experiments depending on whether it is observed. “friendship magic does not play dice”, some of them firmly believe this, but in fact, several years ago, Discord and Twilight Sparkle had already denied Harmonic rationalism. With the advancement of technology, these rationalists seem to have new research directions and they just want to try again.

[zh.harmonicism_militarism]
谐律输出者
[en.harmonicism_militarism]
Harmonism Exporter

[zh.harmonicism_militarism_desc]
谐律输出者：
谐律主义不提倡冲突，但谐律主义无法阻止冲突。本着“预防冲突”的精神，谐律主义者中的军国主义者们认为，小规模的战争来推翻一些不和谐的政权或是控制一些不和谐的群众，以避免更大规模的冲突，是值得付出的代价。最典型的谐律输出者是库纳布拉的谐律骑士：他们比小马利亚的和煦光流更早理解了“友谊是魔法，魔法是力量，所以友谊是力量”的理念，为了避免谐律的强大力量落入危险的使用者手中，谐律骑士会在世界范围内监视谐律魔法的使用者和那些不和谐的威胁，制止一切不符合他们对谐律定义的行为。如果他们认定，一些不和谐的行为已经到了无法容忍的地步，他们会立即出动，将这些不和谐分子或谐律歧途者消灭在萌芽状态。至于他们现在为什么还没有做出行动，我们还是不要过问，因为见识过谐律骑士的讨伐行动的小马会知道，他们还未做出行动本身就是一种幸运了。
[en.harmonicism_militarism_desc]
Harmonism Exporter:
Harmonism discourage conflict, but Harmonism cannot prevent conflict. In the spirit of “preventing conflict”, the militarists among the Harmonists believe that overthrowing some disharmonious regimes or controlling some disharmonious masses through small-scale wars to avoid larger conflicts, is a price worth paying. The most typical Harmonism exporter is the Knights of Harmony of Cunabula: they understood the idea of “friendship is magic, magic is power, so friendship is power” way earlier than Cozy Glow in Equestria, and in order to prevent the powerful force of Harmony from falling into the hands of dangerous users, the Knights of Harmony will monitor the users of Harmony magic and those disharmonious threats worldwide, and stop all behaviors that do not conform to their definition of Harmony. If they determine that some disharmonious behaviors have reached an intolerable level, they will immediately take action to eliminate these disharmonious forces or Harmonism deviants in the bud. As for why they have not taken action yet, we should not ask, because the ponies who have witnessed the Knights of Harmony’s crusade will know that it is a bless that they have not taken action yet.

[zh.harmonicism_dogmatism]
教条谐律主义
[en.harmonicism_dogmatism]
Dogmatic Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_dogmatism_desc]
教条谐律主义：
“友谊是魔法”，这是每一匹小马从出生起就会听到的话，也是谐律主义的本质。然而，有关这句话的解读却充满分歧，由此衍生出相当多的派系。这些派系每一个看上去都很有道理，都能逻辑自洽，而随着时间推移，越来越多小马都宣称自己对谐律有着独特的解读。友谊公主可能会尝试对谐律做出官方的解读，但即使这也仅仅只能代表她的个体看法罢了。
教条主义者相信，对于谐律的定义必须严格成文记载，而且必须严格遵守。多样性是一种祸害，不同的、有歧义的解读只会导致派系冲突、混乱、与谐律的淡漠。于是，他们选择将谐律理念编撰成严谨的系列百科全书，组建谐律标准协会，逐字逐句地对谐律进行解读，以确保每一位小马都能对谐律有着统一的认识。如今，初步的标准已经在驹绝的小马利亚教育协会管理下建立起来，但随着和煦光流权力逐渐巩固，更多小马只是担忧EEA以及这一标准的中立性：即使是协会，可以做到真正的中立吗？自然，协会对于这一担忧做出了官方回应，但当他们开始援引某本比塞拉斯蒂娅年纪更大的上古书籍的某一页中的某段落时，你可能已经不会想听下去了。
[en.harmonicism_dogmatism_desc]
Dogmatic Harmonism:
“Friendship is magic”, this is what every pony will hear from birth, and it is the essence of Harmonism. However, there are many differences in the interpretation of this sentence, which has led to quite a few factions. Each of these factions looks very reasonable, and can be logically consistent, and as time goes by, more and more ponies claim to have a unique interpretation of Harmony. Princess Twilight Sparkle may try to make an official interpretation of Harmony, but even this can only represent her individual opinion.
Dogmatists believe that the definition of Harmony must be strictly recorded in writing and must be strictly adhered to. Diversity is a curse, and different, ambiguous interpretations will only lead to factional conflicts, chaos, and the fade of Harmony. So they choose to compile the concept of Harmony into a rigorous series of encyclopedias, establish the Harmony Standard Association, and interpret Harmony word by word to ensure that every pony has a unified understanding of Harmony. Today, the initial standards have been established under the management of the EEA led by Neighsay. However, as the power of Cozy Glow gradually consolidates, more ponies are just worried about the neutrality of the EEA and this standard: can the association truly be neutral? Of course, the association responded to this concern officially, but when they started to cite a passage from a page of an ancient book that is older than Celestia, you might not want to listen anymore.

[zh.harmonicism_federal]
友谊主义
[en.harmonicism_federal]
Friendshipism

[zh.harmonicism_federal_desc]
友谊主义：
朋友，友谊中最重要的概念，最不可或缺的组成部分。但友谊公主与爱意公主并非同一只天角兽，因此“友谊”与“爱”也是两个完全不同的概念。不同于“爱”所表达的亲密关系，“友谊”具有边界：如果在需要帮助时可以互相伸出援助之蹄，那么就可以称得上是朋友。在这种思想下，一个统一的政治实体也许在谐律主义国家中并非必要的。面对危机与威胁，一个联盟中的成员可以互帮互助；但在日常生活中，各位朋友都只是独立的国家，各自维护自己的谐律。
当然，这种松散的联盟是否可以经得住考验是一个非常值得怀疑的问题：在许久以前，南方各国曾经结成友谊主义联盟，但最终在风暴帝国的入侵下分崩离析。如今，风暴帝国已经被击败，但友谊主义联盟是否有机会复兴，还是一个未知数。至少经过历史教训后，更多的国家还是对此保持不信任与警惕。
[en.harmonicism_federal_desc]
Friendshipism:
Friend, the most important concept in friendship, the most indispensable part. But Princess of Friendship and Princess of Love are not the same alicorn, so “friendship” and “love” are also two completely different concepts. Different from the intimate relationship expressed by “love”, “friendship” has boundaries: if you can reach out to help each other when needed, then you can be called friends. In this way of thinking, a unified political entity may not be necessary in a Harmonism country. Faced with crises and threats, members of an alliance can help each other; but in daily life, all friends are just independent countries, each maintaining their own Harmony.
Of course, whether this loose alliance can withstand the test is a very questionable question: a long time ago, the southern countries formed a Friendshipism alliance, but eventually disintegrated under the invasion of the Storm Empire. Now, the Storm Empire has been defeated, but whether the Friendshipism alliance has a chance to revive is still unknown. At least after the lessons of history, more countries still maintain distrust and vigilance.

[zh.harmonicism_spirit]
谐律精灵
[en.harmonicism_spirit]
Harmonic Spirit

[zh.harmonicism_spirit_desc]
谐律精灵：
这是一群精灵组成的社会，他们不需要政治结构，只需要生活在一起，共同维护谐律的理念即可。他们有着对谐律最原始的认知，最纯净无污染，比那些原始部落中的生物更加接近谐律的本质。很多可能甚至会怀疑他们是否真的是存在的，但起码，驯鹿们就是一种这样精灵存在的证明：她们生活在雪山上，从不参与任何争斗，还会在暖炉节帮助生物们送出礼物。不过，精灵的物理存在也是一种危险：只要存在实体，就可以被杀死。因此，有些幻形灵保持怀疑，这些谐律精灵还能保持“无污染”状态多久。
[en.harmonicism_spirit_desc]
Harmonic Spirit:
This is a society composed of spirits. They do not need political structures, they only need to live together and maintain the concept of Harmony together. They have the most primitive cognition of Harmony, the purest and uncontaminated, closer to the essence of Harmony than the creatures in those primitive tribes. Many may even doubt whether they really exist, but at least, the reindeer are proof that such spirits exist: they live on the snowy mountains, never participate in any disputes, and even help creatures send gifts on Hearth’s Warming Eve. However, the physical existence of spirits is also a danger: as long as there is a physical entity, it can be killed. Therfore, some changelings may question, how long these spirits can remain “uncontaminated”.

[zh.harmonicism_revengeism]
谐律复仇主义
[en.harmonicism_revengeism]
Revengeful Harmonism

[zh.harmonicism_revengeism_desc]
谐律复仇主义：
以眼还眼，以牙还牙。这几乎是一个自然而然的观念。对于谐律复仇主义者来说，他们的尊严曾被无情践踏，他们的家园已成废墟，他们从旧时代的尸体上爬出，宣称要重建他们所认为的正统谐律思想。乱世当行重典，谐律已死，他们将用自己的方式为之复仇。也因此，谐律复仇主义者所做的往往与谐律主张毫无联系 —— 权力被高度集中，统治者往往独断专权，并且靠各种方式打击反对派，甚至不惜严酷镇压。他们往往维持一个庞大的军队用于征服或自卫，国家上下蔓延着一种可怕的战争狂热。一切苦难都是值得的，因为最终他们要将那些造成现状的反派们从他们的王座上拽下，让他们在烈火中与他们亲自毁灭的世界一同燃成灰烬。
谐律复仇主义者的诉求常常会让最激进的军国主义者都感到害怕，他们的传说会让每一只幼驹在夜晚都不敢入睡，但对于那些失去至亲的可怜生物来说，你真的能因此而指责他们吗？
[en.harmonicism_revengeism_desc]
Revengeful Harmonism:
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. This is almost a natural concept. For the revengeful Harmonists, their dignity has been ruthlessly trampled, their homes have become ruins, they crawled out of the corpses of the old era, claiming to rebuild what they believe to be the orthodox Harmonious thoughts. In troubled times, heavy codes must be enforced. Harmony is dead, and they will avenge it in their own way. Therefore, what the revengeful Harmonists do is often unrelated to the Harmonious advocacy — power is highly concentrated, rulers often act arbitrarily, and they use various means to strike against the opposition, even at the cost of cruel repression. They often maintain a huge army for conquest or self-defense, and a terrible war frenzy spreads throughout the country. All suffering is worth it, because in the end, they will pull those villains who caused the current situation down from their thrones, and let them burn to ashes together with the world that they once destroyed.
The demands of the revengeful Harmonists often make even the most radical militarists afraid, and their legends make every foal too scared to sleep at night. But for those poor creatures who have lost their loved ones, can you really blame them for this?

[zh.harmonicism_equatism]
奥瑟蕾丝主义
[en.harmonicism_equatism]
Ocellusism

[zh.harmonicism_equatism_desc]
奥瑟蕾丝主义：
终末之战后，暮光闪闪的幻形灵学徒，奥瑟蕾丝，继续遵照着暮光闪闪老师的意志宣传着谐律主义。她拒绝变回未化茧的幻形灵，因此被邪茧女王投入狱中。在东幻形灵尼亚，她见识到了那些饥饿的幻形灵，在军队的压迫下不得不贡献出他们的最后一点爱意。奥瑟蕾丝注意到了幻形灵内部森严的等级制度，决定要为这些底层的幻形灵争取权利。她继续在监狱中偷偷写作，将暮光闪闪的思想进一步发展，与自己的观察融合，最终形成了奥瑟蕾丝主义。
奥瑟蕾丝主义可以看做谐律主义与平等主义理念的混合。暮光闪闪经常采用调和性的方式，通过各方暂时让渡利益的方式缓和矛盾来实现完美社会。然而，在奥瑟蕾丝看来，就像未化茧幻形灵对于爱意的饥饿渴求一样，阶级矛盾永远无法得到真正的缓解，最终要么消灭其中一方，要么互相同归于尽。因此，奥瑟蕾丝不再寄希望于通过友谊感化那些反派，而是通过暴力手段推翻压迫者，以斗争形式消灭阶级压迫，建立一个真正平等的社会。只有消除这些不平等，才能从根本上消灭新的反派出现的土壤，才能真正实现永久的、稳固的谐律。
[en.harmonicism_equatism_desc]
Ocellusism:
After the Ultimate Battle, Ocellus, the changeling apprentice of Twilight Sparkle, continued to promote Harmonism in accordance with the will of her teacher. She refused to revert to an unmetamorphosed changeling and was thus imprisoned by Queen Chrysalis. In eastern Changelinia, she witnessed the hungry changelings who had to contribute their last bit of love under the oppression of the army. Ocellus noticed the strict hierarchy within the changelings and decided to fight for the rights of these poor changelings at the bottom of the hierarchy. She continued to write secretly in prison, further developing the thoughts of Twilight Sparkle, integrating them with her own observations, and eventually forming Ocellusism.
Ocellusism can be seen as a mixture of Harmonism and Equatism. Twilight Sparkle often uses a reconciliatory way to achieve a perfect society by temporarily relinquishing interests from all parties to ease conflicts. However, in Ocellus’s view, just as the unmetamorphosed changelings are always starving for love, class conflicts can never be truly alleviated, and ultimately one side must be eliminated or both sides will perish together. Therefore, Ocellus no longer hopes to correct those villains through friendship, but to overthrow the oppressors via violent means and eliminate class oppression by force. Only by eliminating these inequalities can the soil for the emergence of new villains be fundamentally eradicated, and true, permanent harmony can be truly achieved.

