[zh.@]
孤独
[en.@]
alone
[zh.@desc]
石青派将面前的文件撕得粉碎，当她得知除了玉琪派之外，她仅存的，被她发自内心真正当做妹妹的小马带着苹果派家族的许多成员在苹果鲁萨掀起了反抗她的浪潮，她感觉有一瞬间她几乎要哭了出来，很快，悲伤与失落化为了愤怒和不解，为亲情残存的那一份爱心也随之慢慢消散。自石灰派和泥枝去世以来，玉琪派一如既往的畏畏缩缩，苹果家族忐忑不安而陷入了无尽的怀疑与内耗，自己几乎独自扛起了整个采石农场的运转，同时还要将自己置身于勾心斗角的政治旋涡之中，只为有一天能为自己的妹妹和俩个家族伸张正义。虽然除了攻破坎特洛特的那一夜，石青派几乎记不得自己有没有安稳的睡上过一晚。她是做到了，牺牲了可以牺牲的一切来换取战争的胜利，开辟了苹果派家族的全新未来，可现在，这些最亲近的小马却让她如当时对待布雷本一样别无选择。

也是她想要让布雷本一劳永逸的退出对苹果派家族领导权的竞争，她无法忍受布雷本面对帝国一而再的犹豫不决，虽然因为各种意外导致完全偏离了她原本的计划，但是这不算她的错，都是为了能够战胜帝国所必须的。苹果鲁萨和采石农场以前不能有分歧，现在也不能有。她是为了整个家族的利益着想，为什么他们全都不能理解。不过，石青派深呼吸了几下，她渐渐释怀了，就算她们都不能理解也没有关系，大洛克维尔已经成为了小马利亚最伟大的地区，这就很简单的证明了一件事：她们只需要服从就好，而普通小马也绝不该对自己的所作所为有任何怀疑。对帝国的恨意让石青派走到了现在并为农场、苹果鲁萨和数以万计的小马赢得了如此光明的未来，那么也许对家族内忘恩负义者的恨意也能激励自己去证明自己始终是对的，多年后的一天，新的苹果派家族成员会在阳光的土地下感谢自己。想到这，石青派心一沉，从地上捡起一张勉强完整的纸，匆匆写下一些文字，随后，她呼喊了一声在办公室门口瑟瑟发抖的卫兵们，让他们去向其他部们通知她接下来的安排，无论是政治上还是军事上的。


[en.@desc]
Limestone Pie tore the documents in front of her to pieces. When she realized that, apart from Marble Pie, the only pony she had ever truly considered a little sister — along with many members of the Apple Pie family — had ignited a wave of rebellion against her in Appleloosa, she felt, for a moment, as if she were on the verge of tears.

But quickly, that sadness and loss transformed into anger and bewilderment. The remaining flicker of love for family slowly dissipated.

Since Maud Pie and Mudbriar had passed away, Marble Pie had remained timid and hesitant. The Apple family had grown anxious, trapped in endless doubt and internal strife. Limestone Pie had almost single-handedly kept the quarry farm running, all while thrusting herself into the whirlpool of political intrigue — all for the day she could bring justice to her little sister and both families.

Except for the night she conquered Canterlot, Limestone Pie could hardly remember ever sleeping peacefully. She had sacrificed everything that could be sacrificed to secure victory in war, opening a new future for the Apple Pie family. Yet now, the closest ponies to her left her with no choice — just as she had left Braeburn.

It had also been her intention to remove Braeburn from the leadership competition for the Apple Pie family once and for all. She could not bear his repeated hesitation in the face of the Empire. Though various unforeseen events had completely diverted her original plans, it was not her fault; everything she did had been necessary to defeat the Empire.

There could be no division in Appleloosa or the quarry farm — neither before nor now. She acted for the good of the entire family. Why could they not understand?

Limestone Pie took a few deep breaths and gradually let go. Even if they could not understand, it did not matter. Greater Rockville had already become the greatest region in Equestria — clear proof of one simple fact: they only needed to obey. Ordinary ponies should never doubt what she had done.

Her hatred for the Empire had brought her to this point, winning a bright future for the farm, Appleloosa, and tens of thousands of ponies. Perhaps that same hatred toward ungrateful family members could inspire her to prove she had always been right. One day, new members of the Apple Pie family would thank her under the sunlit lands.

With this thought, Limestone Pie’s heart sank. She picked up a barely intact sheet of paper from the floor and hastily scribbled a few words. Then, she called to the trembling guards at the office door, ordering them to notify the other departments of her next arrangements — political and military alike.

[zh.@o0]
“石青派成为了更好的自己”
[en.@o0]
Maybe Limestone becoming a better version of herself


