[zh.@]
血晶的圣殿
[en.@]
Temple of Blood Crystal
[zh.@desc]
§g“任何尝试破坏水晶帝国的圣殿的小马，影魔将会毁灭那个小马；因为水晶帝国的圣殿是神圣的，而你们在一起，都是圣殿的一分子。”§!
自从终末之战以后，辉煌的水晶帝国逐渐走向了衰败：从一个帝国变成了一个边缘殖民地；皇室的权力逐渐消失，落入了理事会和小马利亚团结委员会的手中；帝国的财富被幻形灵不断掠夺；然后，独立战争摧毁了最后的和平与繁荣的希望。贫穷的水晶宫因为缺乏维护而逐渐崩塌，这基本上是对帝国本身的完美比喻。曾经辉煌而闪亮的宫殿现在被灰尘和蜘蛛网覆盖，曾经美丽的水晶墙现在已经裂开破碎。
现在，我们新的国王暗影之王的归来，将会扭转一切。帝国将会记住它的骄傲 — 那个数千年前的水晶时代，那个血晶的黑暗之光照耀整个小马利亚大地的时代，那个太阳和月亮都臣服于暴风雪的时代，那个幻形灵女王和半人马领主都尊重我们的时代，那个我们的骄傲士兵不是在家乡战斗，而是在遥远的土地上开疆拓土的时代。
升起吧！血晶的圣殿。在水晶宫的废墟上，帝国的新王座将会被鲜血与恐惧锻造，作为暗影之王不朽统治的永恒纪念！
[en.@desc]
§g“If anypony destroys Crystal Empire’s temple, Umbrums will destroy that pony; for Crystal Empire’s temple is sacred, and you together are that temple.”§!
Ever since the Ultimate Battle, in which the glorious Crystal Empire slowly drifted into decay: it turned from an Empire to a borderline colony; the royals’ power faded and fell into the hooves of the council and the Equestria Unity Commission; the wealth of the Empire was constantly drained by the Changelings; and then, the independence war destroyed the last hope of peace and prosperity. The poor Crystal Palace slowly fell apart due to the lack of maintenance, which is basically the perfect metaphor for the Empire itself. The once magnificent and shiny palace is now covered in dust and cobwebs, and the once beautiful crystal walls are now cracked and broken.
Now, the return of our new King Sombra, is going to revert everything. The Empire will remember its proud — the crystal ages thousands of years ago, when the dark light of the blood cyrstal shone upon the entire Equestria land, when both the sun and the moon submitted to the blizzard, when the Queen of Changelings and Lord of Centaurs respected us, when instead of fighting in our home, our proud soldiers were expanding our territory in distant lands.
Rise! The Temple of Blood Crystal. On the ruins of the Crystal Palace, the new throne of the Empire will be forged with fear and blood, as the forever monument of King Sombra’s immortal reign!


[zh.@TOOLTIP]
解锁§Y影魔现世§!中的决议：§Y重建水晶宫§!。
决议§Y建造黑晶雕像§!允许建造的黑晶雕像数量 §G+2§!。
[en.@TOOLTIP]
Unlock decison in §YUmbrum Cataclysm§!: §YRestore the Crystal Palace§!.
The allowed number of sombra statues §G+2§! for decision §YBuild Sombra Statues§!.
