[zh.@]
石像鬼历史
[en.@]
Gargoyle History
[zh.@desc]
长久以来，在炼狱之地上混居着半人马与石像鬼两个种族，半人马具有力量与威仪，而石像鬼则擅长建造与工艺。在半人马沃拉克国王迎娶石像鬼海顿王后之后，两个族群间的合作逐渐取代了争斗。尽管直到如今，半人马文化与石像鬼文化仍然保持着各自的特色，但已经深度交融：在过去的千年中，半人马从石像鬼族群学习了温柔与智慧，石像鬼族群则从半人马族群学习了勇气与进取。海顿王后在这一过程中起到了关键作用，她的美貌与温柔吸引着半人马王国的每一位居民，成为了连接两个族群的桥梁。据说，此次提议的世博会与随后的电影节，正是海顿王后与斯科潘共同商讨的结果。
然而，现实比美好的童话要复杂得多。在逼迫沃拉克退位后，提雷克对于维持两族的友好关系并不热心，并在疏远弟弟斯科潘与母亲海顿。从这次展会也可以窥见一斑：半人马文化与物品充斥在主会场的各个角落，石像鬼文化的展示区域被集中安排在了主会场的最边缘，与龙族一起。尽管这一安排令外界与国内的石像鬼感到担忧，但海顿王后与斯科潘仍然盛装出席了展会，并发表了一番放下矛盾、促进和解、治疗伤痛的温和而美好的演讲。
[en.@desc]
For a long time, the centaurs and the gargoyles have coexisted on the Infernal Lands. The centaurs are known for their strength and dignity, while the gargoyles excel in construction and craftsmanship. After the centaur King Vorak married the gargoyle Queen Haydon, cooperation between the two species gradually superceded conflict. Although the centaur culture and the gargoyle culture still maintain their respective characteristics, they have deeply integrated: in the past millennium, the centaurs have learned gentleness and wisdom from the gargoyle community, while the gargoyles have learned courage and initiative from the centaur community. Queen Haydon played a key role in this process: her beauty and gentleness attracted every resident of the centaur kingdom, becoming a bridge between the two communities. It is said that the proposed World Expo and the subsequent Film Festival are both the result of discussions between Queen Haydon and Scopan.
However, reality is much more complicated than a beautiful fairy tale. After forcing Vorak to abdicate, Tirek is not enthusiastic about maintaining friendly relations between the two species anymore. He has distanced himself from his brother Scorpan and mother Haydon. This can be seen from the exhibition: centaur culture and items are everywhere in the main venue, while the display area of gargoyle culture is concentrated at the edge of the main venue, along with the dragons. Although this arrangement has caused concern among the gargoyles at home and abroad, Queen Haydon and Scorpan still attended the exhibition in full regalia and delivered a gentle and beautiful speech that called for laying down the sword, promoting reconciliation, and healing wounds.

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
