[zh.@]
一个派家族的幽灵
[en.@]
A Ghost of the Pie Family
[zh.@desc]
距离苹果鲁萨起义已经过去很长一段时间了，不过，这场运动是否该定性为起义还有待商讨。总之，国际社会逐渐接受了石青派早已失去踪影的事实，并且开始把小萍花真正视为新的话事马。边境部队已经逐渐重归掌控，因为石青派的失踪，即使是支持石青派的小马也接受了事实。虽然总是遭到不少小马的反对意见，但是小萍花仍然带领苹果派家族重新制订对外政策，并硬着压力归还了许多土地，尤其是风仙子和野牛。往好的方面看，苹果派家族仍然是一个整体，关于大洛克维尔这个国名仍然令小萍花感到头疼，该改名为什么“苹果派共和国”一类的东西吗？小萍花还没考虑清楚。

就在小萍花出门倒了杯水的功夫，一封信莫名其妙出现在小萍花的办公桌前，上面有石青派的可爱标记，小萍花平复了一下心情，将信封打开了

“当你在广播里痛斥我的罪行时，我非常愤怒，我不能理解你为何要如此对我，我甚至想要使用一以贯之的武力让你们闭嘴，但是在最后一刻，我放弃了，因为我意识到你说的一切都是事实，而自私的我为了回避它们，却选择再次将枪口指向自己最爱的一批小马们。当你的祖父母，你的哥哥姐姐们相继去世时，我觉得我已经没有什么好留念的了，我把带领苹果派家族报复帝国视为了我生命最重要的意义，苹果派家族内只剩下一个声音时，我们才能取得胜利，取得我自己想要的胜利，我为此后悔吗?这是一个很复杂的问题，虽然只是出于意外，我很庆幸我至少得到了一个不光彩的成功。然而，我违背了原则，那就是我们不能对身边的至亲下蹄，不然我们与我们所面对的又有何区别？现在，我拥有了真正的选择权，而我不会再一次犯下这个错误，我知道苹果派家族很长一段时间，甚至永远都不会再愿意接受我的存在了，这是对我的惩罚，但我乐于接受，因为有你，我在你身上看到了整个家族和小马利亚未来的希望，你象征着光明，当你推翻了我，很快苹果派家族统治的土地上的所有小马都会像爱我的妹妹一样爱你，因此，我决定把苹果派家族的未来托付给你，而我则要去切实看一看普通小马们的生活。有一天，我还会回来吗？这同样取决于你，不要松懈，我会在苹果派家族的阴影中注视着一切，但至少现在，你做的很好。


[en.@desc]
It had been a long time since the Appleloosa uprising — whether to call that movement an “uprising” at all was still up for debate. In any case, the international community gradually accepted that Limestone Pie had vanished, and they began to truly see Apple Bloom as the new voice of authority. The border forces had slowly returned to control; with Limestone Pie gone, even some of her supporters had accepted the new reality.

Although Apple Bloom still faced a lot of opposition, she led the Apple Pie family in redrafting its external policies and, under pressure, returned much land — especially Windferry and the Buffalo holdings. On the bright side, the Apple Pie family remained intact as an institution. The name “Greater Rockville” still gave Apple Bloom a headache: should it be renamed something like the “Apple Pie Republic”? She hadn’t decided.

While Apple Bloom stepped out briefly to fetch a glass of water, a letter inexplicably appeared on her desk. It bore Limestone Pie’s familiar mark. Apple Bloom steadied herself and opened the envelope.

“When you denounced my crimes on the air, I was furious. I could not understand why you treated me so. I even wanted to silence you by force as I have always done. But at the last moment I stopped — because I realized everything you said was true. Selfishly, to avoid facing the truth, I again pointed my gun at the ponies I loved most.

When your grandparents and your brothers and sisters passed away one after another, I felt I had nothing left to hold on to. I made revenge against the Empire the most important thing in my life. I believed that only when the Apple Pie family spoke with one voice could we win — win the victory I wanted. Do I regret that? That is complicated. Though it was accidental, I am glad I at least achieved an ignominious success.

Yet I betrayed a principle: we must not strike down our closest kin. If we do, how are we different from those we stand against? Now I have a real choice, and I will not make that mistake again. I know the Apple Pie family may refuse to accept me for a long time — perhaps forever. That is my punishment, and I accept it gladly.

Because of you, I have seen the future of our family and Ponyland in you. You are a symbol of light. If you overthrow me, soon every pony in the lands we govern will love you as they loved my sister. So I have decided to entrust the future of the Apple Pie family to you. I will go and truly see how ordinary ponies live.

Will I come back one day? That depends on you as well. Do not slack. I will watch everything from the shadow of the Apple Pie family — but for now, you are doing well.”

[zh.@o0]
署名：爱你的石青姐姐
[en.@o0]
Signature: Sister Limestone, who loves You
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
这就是本次故事的末尾了，PIHC制作组全体成员感谢你的游玩！
[en.@TOOLTIP]
This is the end of her story. The PIHC production team thanks you for playing!


