[zh.@]
登顶层云
[en.@]
To Come out on Top
[zh.@desc]
本身的“重返天空”计划被打乱，原本要对帝国举起反抗旗帜的行动在失去喷火的领导后被一拖再拖。这让成为了代理领长的破空极为不满，他心心念念的《友谊日记》读后实践环节就这样在一场似乎可能就来自帝国和帝国相关势力策划的肮脏刺杀中被打断了。
正因如此，本就积极主张推广谐律主义的破空在成为代理领长后没给帝国什么好脸色。尽管雾轨一再提醒破空认清层云堡的地位，但破空不仅在刺杀案调查一事上公开拒绝了女皇的协助，还以调查为由停止参加了此前喷火都要参加的与坎特洛特官员的“友谊交流活动”。
很快，坎特洛特那边就传来了花花短裤的信：“帝国忠诚的领长喷火遭遇不测，女皇日夜难眠，辗转反侧，担忧层云堡的居民们的安危，建议层云堡立即举行领长补缺选举，选出新的领长来安抚民心。”花花短裤在信中说到，帝国向来支持层云堡自治领的自主权，帝国会尊重层云堡居民的选择。而在信的后面又附上了一份的具体的提案，其中包括：坎特洛特希望层云堡能在4个月内完成选举工作、建议代理领长避嫌、防范执政党利用职务之便为选举造势和压制选民。最后，花花短裤罗列了一些帝国推荐的候选者：“淘汰者”闪尘、气象局局长羽蝶、劳雷特·多芙小姐、以及后面几十位坎特洛特的官员名。
破空坐在喷火的领长办公室，听雾轨朗读完帝国的两封文件，气得重重锤了一蹄桌子，差点将之前刚刚补好的凹痕又砸了出来。

[en.@desc]
The original “Return to the Sky” plan was disrupted, and the action that was supposed to raise the banner of resistance against the Empire was delayed again and again after losing Spitfire’s leadership. This made Sky Stinger, who had become the acting governer, extremely dissatisfied. His long-cherished “Friendship Journal” post-reading practice was interrupted by what seemed to be a dirty assassination plot most likely orchestrated by the Empire and its related forces.
Because of this, Sky Stinger, who was already an active proponent of promoting Harmonism, did not show any good attitude towards the Empire after becoming the acting governer. Despite Vapor Trail’s repeated reminders to recognize Stratusburg’s position, Sky Stinger not only publicly rejected the Empress’s assistance in the assassination investigation but also stopped participating in the “friendship salon” with Canterlot officials that Spitfire had to attend previously, citing the investigation as an excuse.
Soon, a letter from Canterlot by Fancy Pants arrived: “The Empire’s loyal governer Spitfire has encountered misfortune, and the Empress is sleepless day and night, tossing and turning, worrying about the safety of Stratusburg’s residents. It is recommended that Stratusburg hold a governer by-election immediately to appease the public.” Fancy Pants wrote in the letter that the Empire has always supported the autonomy of the Stratusburg Dominion and would respect the choices of Stratusburg’s residents. Attached to the letter was a specific proposal, which included: Canterlot hoped that Stratusburg could complete the election within 4 months, suggested that the acting governer avoid conflicts of interest, and prevent the ruling party from using its position to campaign for the election or suppress voters. Finally, Fancy Pants listed some candidates recommended by the Empire: “The Washouts” Lightning Dust, Director of the Meteorological Bureau Feather Flatterfly, Miss Laurette Dove, followed by dozens of Canterlot officials.
Sky Stinger sat in Spitfire’s office, and after hearing Vapor Trail read the two letters from the Empire, he slammed his hoof on the table in anger, almost smashing the dent that had just been repaired.

[zh.@o0]
这就是帝国所谓的“自主权”吗？
[en.@o0]
Is this how the Empire call “autonomy”?

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
解锁系列§R限时§!决议：§Y枪声之后§!。
[en.@TOOLTIP]
Unlock a §Rtimed§! series of decisions: §RAfter the Gunshot§!.
