[zh.@]
一只工马的遭遇
[en.@]
A Worker Pony’s Encounter
[en.@desc]
Today is Glitter Glow’s fifth day of work.
He used to be just a construction worker, but he always believed that he deserved a better job - because his cutie mark was a handsome police hat.
Two months ago, with the completion of the screw production workshop that G.G. and his colleagues had been building, the Equestria Empire Ministry of Industry had no other plans to build new factories in the region this year, so he and his fellow workers lost their jobs. G.G., just to try, sent a special application form to the Equestria Empire Ministry of Order. He even wrote down about his credit of reporting two lazy workers on the construction site.

Now, G.G. has been a security guard in this newly completed screw production workshop for five days. Although his salary barely enough to make ends meet, it is directly from the Equestria Empire Ministry of Order, and for that, nothing can ruin G.G.’s good mood for a day... Well... Maybe there is.
In these five days, he has been consistently seeing the same figure at the factory gate. A dirty vagrant pony, exuding the stench of another pony’s disgust and full of fleas. He was wrapped in a dirty black blanket and has been sleeping here. Why would other ponies tolerate him and let him stay here?
Yesterday afternoon, G.G. was reprimanded by the workshop supervisor because of this. The supervisor said that this pony had been wandering around the factory gate for more than a month and slept at the factory gate every day. Today, G.G. finally erupted, he rushed to the vagrant pony, rudely pulled his dirty blanket, and threw it into the trash can. The vagrant pony cursed and kept talking about... what?
“Y’all ungrateful fxxking ponies.” 
G.G. didn’t indulge him, and gave him a hoof in the face. At this time, through the tightly wrapped blanket, G.G. finally saw the face of the pony, it was Glitzerglanz, his former colleague - Glitzerglanz. He was once the strongest pony on the construction site. The fact that the new screw production workshop was completed on time is largely credited to his hard work. But now - Who knows how Glitzerglanz became like this?
G.G. was stunned, and Glitzerglanz covered his face in pain, picked up the blanket in the trash can and ran away. Where will he go in the future? G.G. quickly gave up the idea of continuing to think about it. These have nothing to do with him. He only cares about whether he can get today’s six silver coins and whether he can get off work early and have a good sleep.

It was another two ordinary days, but these two days, finally, Glitzerglanz was no longer sleeping at the factory gate. But the other colleagues in the factory are very different from usual, they have been whispering.
“Have you heard? Glitzerglanz is dead. His body was found in the canal today.”
“Oh, my Cel... Oh my, that’s really sad. Do you know what happened?”
“A month ago he was also working here, just like us, look, the second line on the east side over there. But he has nothing apart from his strength, he is completely ignorant of operating the machine, so he was fired just after two days of work.”
“Alas, what more can you say? Unfortunately his fate is just bounded by his cutie mark - a cart of bricks.”
[zh.@desc]
今天是灿霞接到分配工作通知的第五天。
灿霞以前只是一名建筑工马，但他一直相信，自己配得上一份更好的工作——因为他的可爱标记是一只帅气的警帽。
两个月前，随着灿霞和他的工友们一直在建设的螺丝钉生产车间建设完工，帝国工业部在本地区本年度没有新的工厂建设计划了，他和他的同事们也就失去了工作。灿霞抱着试试看的心态，向帝国秩序部投递了一份特殊申请表，把自己当年在工地上举报过两个消极怠工分子的事情都写上去了。

如今，灿霞已经成为这间新完工的螺丝钉生产车间保安五天了，领着来自帝国秩序部的薪水，虽然仅仅勉强够糊口，但没有什么可以破坏灿霞一天的好心情了... 额... 也许还是有的。
这五天来，他都会在工厂门口看到同一个身影。一只邋里邋遢的流浪马，浑身散发着另驹厌恶的恶臭和满身的跳蚤。他裹着肮脏发黑的毯子，一直在这露宿。真不明白其他驹是怎么想的，怎么还让他呆在这里？
昨天下午灿霞还因为这事，被车间主管训斥了一顿，听主管说，这家伙已经在工厂门口徘徊一个多月了，每天就睡在工厂门口。今天，灿霞终于无法忍受这驹了，他冲到那流浪汉面前，粗暴地拽着他的脏毯子，就扔进了垃圾桶。那流浪马骂骂咧咧的，疯言疯语着，一直在讲... 什么？
“真是一群没有良心的小马。”
灿霞没有惯着他，当面给了他一蹄，重击到他的面部。这时候，透过裹着严严实实的毯子，灿霞才看到那只小马的脸，是灿霞以前的工友——格里茨。他是工地上力气最大的小马，新生产车间能工按时完工，他出了最多的力。但如今——天知道格里茨怎么成了这个样子。
灿霞愣住的功夫，流浪汉吃痛的捂住脸，拎起垃圾桶里的毯子跑向别处了。他日后会跑在哪里？灿霞很快便放弃了继续思考下去的念头，这些也都跟他无关，他关心的只是今天能不能顺利的领到今天六银币的工资，能不能早点下班多睡一点觉。

又是过了两个平常的一天，但这两天可看不见格里茨在工厂门口睡大觉了。可工厂的其他同事却和往常大不相同，他们一直在交头接耳议论纷纷。
“你听说了吗？格里茨死了。今天在运河中发现了他的尸体。”
“哦，我的塞... 我的天呐，那可真够悲哀的。你知道是怎么回事吗？”
“一个多月前他也在这儿干活，和我们一样，喏，就在东边第二条线。但是他只空有一身力气，对操作机器什么的，那是一窍不通，干了两天就被开除了。”
“没办法，谁让他的可爱标记就是那样的——一车砖头。”

[zh.@o0]
“工厂门口清净了，我们应该不需要保安了。”
[en.@o0]
“Factory gate is clean now, I think we don’t need guards anymore.”