[zh.@]
新时代之门
[en.@]
A New Era
[zh.@desc]
双钻坐在办公室里，看着眼前被侦察天马拦截了一半的报告，不禁感到一阵烦闷：夜翔都一天出动九次了，信使居然还能被拦截，这些侦察天马不用休息吗？

他再也忍不了了，望了一眼时钟，决定立马动身去研究院一趟。可他一出门没多远，就见到几只侦察天马拿着法杖朝地面俯冲。“跑！” 双钻预感大事不妙，那些侦察天马已经朝他飞过来了。直到一块板砖突然飞去正中其中一只天马的头，剩下的天马才放弃俯冲，拉着那个倒霉蛋飞回自己的云中城老窝去了。

双钻的怒气更添一层，他以最快的速度冲向研究院，敲开了那里的大门：“星光熠熠，日光耀耀，我电台呢？！”

“嘿！你在做什么？”日光耀耀看着被开门的气流吹飞的图纸。“好吧，电台已经搞好了，可是遇到一点问题，启动不了。”他指着电台上熄灭的指示灯。

“什么？我的信天天被拦截，甚至我刚刚也差点被拦截了，结果现在说电台坏了？我倒要看看是怎么个事！”双钻走到电台前扫了一眼，带着怒火踹了一下电台。

“嘿！你...”日光刚想阻止，电台的指示灯突然“滴！”亮了。“哇哦...”

“至少现在他能用了！好了，给我几个电台，，我要走了！”
[en.@desc]
Double Diamond sat in the office, looking at the report that was intercepted by the reconnaissance pegasi, feeling a little annoyed: Night Glider has been out nine times a day, and the messenger was intercepted. Don’t these reconnaissance pegasi need to rest?

He couldn’t stand it anymore, glanced at the clock, and decided to go to the research institute immediately. But as soon as he went out, he saw several reconnaissance pegasi holding a wand and diving towards the ground. “Run!” Double Diamond had a bad feeling, and those pegasi were already flying towards him. It wasn’t until a brick suddenly flew and hit one of the pegasi’s head that the rest of the pegasi gave up diving and flew back to their base in cloudsdale.

Double Diamond’s anger grew, and he rushed to the research institute at the fastest speed, knocking on the door: “Starlight Glimmer, Sunburst, where is the promised radio?!”

“Hey! What are you doing?” Sunburst looked at the blueprints blown away by the opened door. “Well, the radio is ready, but there is a problem, it can’t be started.” He pointed to the radio with the extinguished indicator light.

“What? My messages are intercepted every day, and myself almost got intercepted just now. Now you say the radio is broken? I want to see what’s going on!” Double Diamond walked to the radio and glanced at it, kicked it with anger.

“Hey! You...” Sunburst was about to stop him, but the indicator light on the radio suddenly “beeped!” and lit up. “Wow...”

“At least he can be used now! Okay, give me a few radios, I’m leaving!”
[zh.@o0]
通讯的新时代
[en.@o0]
A New Era of Communication
