[zh.@]
鲜花盛开之处
[en.@]
Where Flowers Bloom
[zh.@desc]
“你来了，秋烨。” 雨晴站在花园的露天阳台上，转过身来面对着刚刚走进来的秋烨。
秋烨走到雨晴身边，抬头看向雨晴。还没等秋烨说什么，雨晴再次开口：“明天开始，这里就属于你了。但在此之前，我还有一个问题要问你。”
这似乎是即将卸任的领袖为接任者秋烨准备的一道测试题，秋烨尊敬地点了点头，示意雨晴继续。

“假如有一天，逆麟再次出现在这片土地上，你会怎么做？”
秋烨立即回答道：“领袖，我认为我继任后的最重要任务就是避免这种事情再次发生。”
“不，假如已经发生了，没有挽回的余地。为了麒麟族的生存，你将不得不与自己的同胞兵戎相见，此时你会怎么做？” 雨晴立即否定了秋烨的回答。
沉默良久，秋烨迟疑着回答道：“我会尽我所能调停冲突，避免无谓的伤亡。但如果这是不可避免的，我会让麒麟们拿起武器。麒麟族将要生存下去，即使这意味着我们的一部分，甚至我自己变成逆麟或者在战场上牺牲，即使这意味着与昔日的同胞和挚友兵戎相见，我也会选择这样做。”

听完，雨晴立即闭上了眼，将头转过身去，似乎十分失落、痛心。秋烨看着雨晴的背影和神情，小心翼翼地问：“所以，领袖您认为我做出了错误的选择么？您希望我做出怎样的选择？”
难道领袖希望我们放下武器投降吗？或是被那些疯狂的逆麟们所屠戮？秋烨心中疑惑，但却没有说出口。
雨晴却只是摇摇头：“不，这个问题并没有答案。我只是想听到你的想法而已。” 看着秋烨不解又带有少许担忧的表情，雨晴继续说道：
“秋烨，你已经做出了你的选择，那就没有退路了。继任后，请认真为即将到来的战争做好准备吧。”

[en.@desc]
“Here you are, Autumn Blaze.” Rain Shine stood on the open balcony of the garden, turning around to face Autumn Blaze who had just walked in.
Autumn Blaze walked to Rain Shine’s side and looked up at her. Before Autumn Blaze could say anything, Rain Shine spoke again, “Starting tomorrow, this place will be yours. But before that, I have one more question for you.”
This seemed to be an exam question prepared by the retiring leader for the successor Autumn Blaze. Autumn Blaze respectfully nodded, indicating Rain Shine to continue.

“If one day, the Niriks appear again in this land, what will you do?”
Autumn Blaze immediately answered, “Leader, I believe that my most important task after taking over is to prevent such things from happening again.”
“No, let’s say it has already happened, with no chance of redemption. For the survival of the Kirins, you will have to face your fellows with arms. What will you do then?” Rain Shine immediately rejected Autumn Blaze’s answer.
After a long silence, Autumn Blaze hesitated and answered, “I will do my best to mediate the conflict and avoid unnecessary casualties. But if it is inevitable, I will let the Kirins take up arms. The Kirins will survive, even if it means that some of us, or even I myself, become Niriks or die on the battlefield, even if it means facing my former fellows and dear friends with arms, I will choose to do so.”

After listening, Rain Shine immediately closed her eyes, turned her head away, looking very disappointed and heartbroken. Autumn Blaze looked at Rain Shine’s back and expression, and asked carefully, “So, Leader, do you think I made the wrong choice? What kind of choice do you want me to make?”
Does the Leader want us to lay down our weapons and surrender? Or be slaughtered by those crazy Niriks? Autumn Blaze was puzzled, but did not say it out loud.
Rain Shine just shook her head, “No, this question has no answer. I just wanted to hear your thoughts.” Seeing Autumn Blaze’s puzzled and somewhat worried expression, Rain Shine continued:
“Autumn Blaze, you have made your choice, and there is no turning back. After taking over, please seriously prepare for the upcoming war.”

[zh.@o0]
“什么？”
[en.@o0]
“What?”
