[zh.@]
布雷本的葬礼
[en.@]
Braeburn’s Funeral
[zh.@desc]
石青派眼含着泪水，把声音又提高了几分，在场的苹果家族小马无不颤动：“然而你永远不知道，帝国和明天，哪个先到。我们都知道，现在已经有证据表明，布雷本的死，是帝国特务所为，就仅仅因为那个女皇认为布雷本在苹果家族太有影响力，她便找到机会谋害他，她往苹果树上狠狠踢了一脚，并希望整个苹果家族拦腰折断，乱作一团，从而失去抵抗她的勇气。但我要问你们，你们是选择失去勇气还是选择向她展示你们的愤怒，让她整个可悲的生命都后悔与苹果派家族为敌？好好想一想，布雷本、苹果嘉儿、麦托什...苹果家族受够了，萍琪派、火岩派、云母...我们也受够了，只要我们俩个家族再度携蹄，我们就能把帝国狠狠踩在脚下，让他们血债血偿”
当她说完时，许多苹果家族的小马已经激动的站了起来，一名苹果家族小马大喊道“苹果家族万岁，派家族万岁！”整个葬礼会场失去了该有的肃静氛围，爆发出激烈的讨论声和鼓蹄声。石青派看了一眼沉睡的布雷本，感到一丝愧疚，或许未来等她登上坎特洛特的城堡后，布雷本的在天之灵会原谅她的所作所为吧。
石青派又扫视着在场每一个小马的眼神，很好，他们的眼中同样充满着跟她一样的愤怒。也许，要不了多久，女皇就会知道她今天这番演说的内容，又或许，女皇已经知道了，但她不在乎，因为，最终的复仇时刻已经将要来临了。
[en.@desc]
Limestone Pie stood with tears in her eyes, her voice rising to a fervent pitch that made every Apple family pony present tremble:

    "But you never know—what comes first: the Empire or tomorrow?

    We all know now there’s evidence that Braeburn’s death was the work of Imperial agents. Simply because the Empress saw him as too influential within the Apple family, she seized the opportunity to have him eliminated. She kicked at our apple tree with all her might, hoping to snap the entire Apple family in half, to throw us into chaos, to rob us of the courage to resist her.

    But I ask you—will you choose to lose your courage? Or will you show her your fury? Will you make her regret, for the rest of her miserable life, ever making enemies of the Apple and Pie families?

    Think of Braeburn. Think of Applejack. Think of Big McIntosh. The Apple family has had enough. Pinkie Pie, Igneous Rock Pie, Cloudy Quartz—we've had enough too. If our two families join hooves once more, we can crush the Empire beneath them and make them pay for their blood debts."

As she finished, many Apple family ponies had already risen to their hooves. One shouted, "Long live the Apple family! Long live the Pie family!" The solemn atmosphere of the funeral gave way to a chorus of impassioned voices and stomping hooves.

Limestone Pie glanced at Braeburn’s peaceful form and felt a pang of guilt. Perhaps, when she one day stands atop the castle in Canterlot, Braeburn’s spirit will forgive her for what she has done.

She scanned the eyes of every pony present. Good. They burned with the same righteous anger as hers. Perhaps the Empress would soon learn of this speech. Perhaps she already had. But it didn’t matter—because the hour of final vengeance was drawing near.
[zh.@o0]
石青派的目的达成了，苹果派家族踏上了她预想的道路
[en.@o0]
Limestone Pie’s purpose had been fulfilled. The Apple family had set hoof on the path she had envisioned.
