[zh.@]
幻形灵-水晶帝国《协定》修正条款今日签署
[en.@]
Changeling - Crystal Empire Pact Amendments Signed Today
[zh.@desc]
顺应水晶帝国的民意，邪茧女王与风雪之心于今日组织了一场会谈，重新讨论并修正了《协定》中关于幻形灵帝国与水晶帝国关系的部分条款。
虽然无论是《协定》的具体条款还是此次修正条款的具体细节都并未对外公开，目前已知信息可以确认或推测的修正包括：
1. 幻形灵租界将转换为永久幻形灵帝国领土，水晶帝国将在此领土移交幻形灵帝国政府管理并允许驻军，换取幻形灵降低水晶帝国对其爱意贡奉的要求。
2. 幻形灵顾问团将在水晶帝国理事会中占据更多席位，换取幻形灵帝国启动发展计划帮助水晶帝国的工业建设。
3. 幻形灵将为水晶帝国提供安全保障。
这些修正条款引发了不小轰动，很多小马担心水晶帝国将因此失去其仅存不多的独立性。然而，水晶帝国此刻名义上处于小马利亚帝国的保护下，水晶帝国与幻形灵的深化合作很可能会激起小马利亚帝国的不满，因此也有小马推测风雪之心在利用幻形灵帝国的影响力来对抗小马利亚帝国。
[en.@desc]
To address the will of the crystal ponies, Queen Chrysalis and Flurry Heart has organized a meeting today to discuss and amend the part of the Pact concerning the relationship between the Changeling Empire and the Crystal Empire.
Although the specific details of the Pact and the amendments have not been made public, based on the information currently available, it can be confirmed or speculated that the amendments include:
1. The Changeling Concession will be converted into a permanent Changeling Empire territory, and the Crystal Empire will transfer the territory to the Changeling Empire for administration and allow garrison in exchange for the Changeling Empire to reduce the requirement for the Crystal Empire’s love tribute.
2. The Changeling Advisory Group will occupy more seats in the Crystal Empire Council in exchange for the Changeling Empire to initiate development plans to help the industrial construction of the Crystal Empire.
3. More trade between the Changeling Empire and the Crystal Empire.
4. The Changeling Empire will provide security guarantees for the Crystal Empire.
These amendments have caused quite a stir, and many ponies are worried that the Crystal Empire will lose its remaining independence. However, the Crystal Empire is currently nominally under the protection of the Equestria Empire, and the deepening cooperation between the Crystal Empire and the Changeling Empire is likely to provoke the dissatisfaction of the Equestria Empire. Therefore, some ponies speculate that Flurry Heart is taking advantage of the influence of the Changeling Empire to confront the Equestria Empire.
[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay