[zh.@]
内部圈子
[en.@]
The Inner Circle
[zh.@desc]
走私专案告破后，繁花与青草相继失踪，在对“内部圈子”的调查陷入停滞后，调查组又来到了青草的住处。在这里，调查组发现了青草的一本日志本。
然而诡异的是，这本日志本竟然不仅仅使用了青草自己的魔法加密，还有另一只麒麟的气息 —— 一种秋烨无比熟悉的气息。
在花盆内，调查组居然发现了青草的笔记，上面记录着若干魔法密码，但都无法解开日志本。随后调查组意识到，青草也不是“内部圈子”的一部分：青草残留在日志本上的魔法，恰恰不是加密用，而是他曾经在尝试解密这本日志本。
也就是说，青草像调查组一样，也在寻找“内部圈子”的线索。而他因为调查，被栽赃成为了走私专案的主使者？那他又是如何越狱的呢？我们已经不得而知，我们唯一知道的，是青草留下的一段谜语：

“当你看到花苞开放时，你会不会好奇，它的营养是从哪里来的？”
“你会怀疑是枝茎，但他们只是负责运输；你会怀疑是根系，但他们只是负责建设；你会怀疑是叶片，但他们只是负责保护。你甚至可能会怀疑是周围的绿草，但他们与花苞毫无关系。”
§2“植物生长的营养，来自那高高挂在天上的太阳，如今已经夕阳西下，所以你才没有注意到她。又或者，你已经习惯了每天都是晴天，从而有意忽略了她？”§!

[en.@desc]
After the smuggling key case was solved, Blossom Burst and Grass-Green disappeared one after another. After the investigation into the “Inner Circle” came to a standstill, the investigation team came to Grass-Green’s residence once again. Here, the investigation team found a logbook of Grass-Green.
However, what was strange was that this logbook not only used Grass-Green’s own magic encryption, but also the aura of another Kirin — a kind of aura that Autumn Blaze was extremely familiar with.
In the flowerpot, the investigation team actually found Grass-Green’s notes, which recorded several magic passwords, but none of them could unlock the logbook. The investigation team then realized that Grass-Green was not part of the “Inner Circle”: the magic left by Grass-Green on the logbook was not for encryption, but for his attempts to decrypt this logbook.
In other words, Grass-Green, like the investigation team, was also looking for clues to the “Inner Circle”. So he was framed as the mastermind of the smuggling case because of the investigation? Then how did he escape from prison? We don’t know, the only thing we know is a riddle left by Grass-Green:

“When you see a blossom bud open, do you ever wonder where its nutrients come from?”
“You might suspect the stems, but they are only responsible for transportation; you might suspect the roots, but they are only responsible for construction; you might suspect the leaves, but they are only responsible for protection. You might even suspect grass around it, but they have nothing to do with the blossom bud.”
§2“The nutrients for plant growth eventually come from the sun high in the sky, which is now setting in the dusk. That’s why you didn’t notice her. Or, you have become accustomed to the shine, so you deliberately ignored her?”§!

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
我们获得了 §Y青草的魔法密码§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
We obtained §YGrass-Green’s magic password§!
