[zh.@]
偶遇玉琪派
[en.@]
A Chance Encounter with Marble Pie
[zh.@desc]
在大洛克维尔的政治中心的新生活已经持续一段时间了，回想起前一阵子自己如此痛快的答应石青派，苹果丽丽对此仍然有些摸不着头脑，或许当时被石青派的真情打动，又或许石青派也是她少数可以依靠的亲戚了。不过，苹果丽丽还惦记着布雷本的事情，只不过她要亲自拼凑出线索。石青派给苹果丽丽安排了一些杂七杂八而简单的工作，大多只需要签名盖章而已，又或者不管自己怎么判定，都不会产生太大的影响，苹果丽丽对此也暂时没有什么怨言。她神了个懒腰，在城堡里散步，石青派不见踪影，又或许在和军官商量着什么，她很少会把一天时间都泡在这里，此刻很难见上一面，不同的官员在此来来往往，许多都有苹果家族的血统，所以部分官员见到她也会互相问好。不过这些小马大多是石青派的铁杆支持者，不是她想要找的。

终于，在一处角落，小萍花终于找到了她，玉琪派，派家四姐妹中最小的那一位，也是石灰派和石青派的亲妹妹。或许她知道些什么？抱着这样的态度，小萍花清了清嗓子，问到“玉琪派姐姐，你还好吗？”

玉琪派没想到会在这里见到小萍花，她疑惑的打量了一下，轻声答应道“嗨？”小萍花高兴的点了点脑袋，随后拥抱了一下她这位年纪最小的姐姐。她们俩有一句没一句的聊了起来，玉琪派也逐渐敞开了心扉，在这样的一个压抑环境，很少能有愿意如此与她聊天的小马。不过，小萍花没有询问石青派之前的事情，现在还不是时候

[en.@desc]
Life in the political center of Greater Rockville had been going on for some time now. Looking back on how she had so decisively agreed to Limestone Pie’s request not long ago, Apple Bloom still felt a bit puzzled. Perhaps she had been moved by Limestone’s sincerity, or perhaps Limestone Pie was simply one of the few relatives she could rely on.

Yet, Apple Bloom’s thoughts still lingered on Braeburn. She intended to piece together the clues herself.

Limestone Pie had assigned Apple Bloom a series of trivial and simple tasks — most of them only requiring signatures or stamps. No matter how Apple Bloom judged them, they wouldn’t have a major impact. For now, she had no complaints.

She stretched lazily and took a walk through the castle. Limestone Pie was nowhere to be seen — perhaps discussing matters with some officers. She rarely spent the entire day here, making it hard to see her. Various officials passed through, many with Apple family bloodlines, so some would greet her politely. But most of these ponies were loyal supporters of Limestone Pie — not the ones Apple Bloom was seeking.

Finally, in a quiet corner, Apple Bloom found her: Marble Pie, the youngest of the four Pie sisters, and the younger sister of Maud Pie and Limestone Pie. Could she know something?

With that thought in mind, Apple Bloom cleared her throat and asked,

“Marble Pie, are you alright?”

Marble Pie hadn’t expected to see Apple Bloom here. She studied her with curiosity and softly replied,

“Hi?”

Apple Bloom nodded happily and then gave her youngest sister a gentle hug.

The two of them began chatting, sometimes hesitantly, sometimes in short bursts. Marble Pie gradually opened up. In such a tense environment, there were very few ponies willing to converse with her like this.

However, Apple Bloom did not ask about anything regarding Limestone Pie at that moment — it simply wasn’t the right time. 

[zh.@o0]
这位姐姐简直比她的妹妹还要害羞
[en.@o0]
This sister was even shyer than her younger sister.


