[zh.@]
淘汰者档案：闪尘
[en.@]
The Washouts Profile: Lightning Dust

[zh.@desc]
闪尘，与云宝黛茜同届的闪电天马队学院学员，因为一次不顾安危的飞行制造了龙卷风误伤了路过的小马而被喷火开除。从那以后，她便组建了“淘汰者”。起初她只是进行一些危险的特技表演，但在表演中经常接触危险道具让她与一些售卖火药、大炮、飞镖、炸弹与喷火器的军火商结识。难以界定具体从什么时候开始，“淘汰者”就开始得到来自军火商的资金支持，我们只知道他们在演出中使用越来越危险的道具，并将它们宣传成非常炫酷的道具鼓励观众购买和模仿。虽然至今为止，还没有发生过严重的伤害事件，但是无论是曾经的帝国皇家委员会和云中城商业委员会、还是如今的呆蹄和层云堡当局，都并不完全认可“淘汰者”的行为。
如今，闪尘背后的金主可能是帝国与商业委员会的残余势力 —— 当他们从执政地位沦落到如今的反对党地位时，他们对于军火商和闪尘的危险行为态度就发生了急速转折。现在的商业委员会中可能有不少成员都是军火商的代理，而闪尘则是他们最靓丽的名片。相比于帝国和商业委员会，闪尘自己似乎也有着更大的野心... 她并非在意权力或金钱，而是对“天马的极致天赋”有着狂热的追求，为此不惜亲自进行越来越危险的飞行表演，也不惜与帝国、商业委员会甚至是部下滚雷、火药桶等阻拦她的任何反对者发生冲突。
[en.@desc]
Lightning Dust was a student at the Wonderbolts Academy at the same time as Rainbow Dash. She was expelled by Spitfire for creating a tornado that injured passing ponies during a reckless flight. Since then, she has formed the Washouts. Initially, the Washouts only performed some dangerous stunts. However, as they frequently encountered hazardous situations with props during their performances, Lightning Dust became acquainted with arms dealers who sold gunpowder, cannons, darts, bombs, and flamethrowers. It is difficult to determine precisely when the Washouts began to receive financial support from arms dealers. What is known is that they started using increasingly dangerous props in their performances and promoted them as very awesome and cool props to encourage the audience to buy and imitate. Despite no serious injury incidents occurring thus far, neither the former Empire Royal Commission, the Cloudsdale Chamber of Commerce, nor the current Duchess Derpy or Stratusburg authority fully approve of the Washouts’ behavior.
Today, the backers supporting Lightning Dust may consist of remnants from the Empire and the Chamber of Commerce. As they transitioned from a ruling position to an opposition position, their stance towards the hazardous activities of arms dealers and Lightning Dust shifted rapidly. Many current members of the Chamber of Commerce could potentially be affiliated with arms dealers, viewing Lightning Dust as their most compelling asset. In comparison to the Empire and the Chamber of Commerce, Lightning Dust herself appears to harbor greater ambitions. She is not driven by power or wealth but possesses a fanatical pursuit of the “Extreme talents of a pegasus”. To achieve this, she is willing to perform increasingly dangerous flight stunts hefself, as well as argue with the Empire, the Chamber of Commerce, even subordinates such as Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse, or any other opponents in her way.

[zh.@o0]
不看了
[en.@o0]
I’m done

[zh.@o1]
下一页
[en.@o1]
Next Page
