[zh.@]
牦牛做什么都是最棒的！不应该对这一点有任何的怀疑。他们站在雪山顶上，遥望着南方的小马利亚大陆上一代代的王朝更迭，而只有他们自己的部落数千年来屹立不倒。
传统，勇气与力量，牦牛们以此为傲，却也为此所困：即使数千年过去了，连曾经与他们相伴的龙族都已经迈入了君主专制国家，但牦牛们似乎被冻结在了时间中仍然停留在了那个部落时代。牦牛们从来没有过“新鲜的想法”，他们也并不喜欢变化，相较于学习友谊与魔法，他们更喜欢听着尤维多管的声音，在积雪中用蹄子劈柴或在帐篷里缓慢起舞。
友谊学校曾是改变这里的一次尝试。来自牦牛族的唯一学生约娜不出意外成为了友谊学校的尖子生，继续证明了牦牛们做什么都是最棒的，也证明那些小马们引以为豪的“友谊”并没有什么了不起。部落领袖卢瑟福王子对约娜的表现甚是满意，但也常常被约娜从外面带回来的消息所困扰。似乎，外面正在发生变化。
几年前卢瑟福王子层率代表团访问小马利亚王国，那时的小马利亚或许也与千年前没有大区别。但如今，他听说马哈顿的都市灯红酒绿，洛马基的蒸汽机隆隆作响，原本废弃的火车线正在重新修建，坎特洛特都在讨论新的公主加冕... 从约娜的同学们那里，他又听说了更多：南边的幻形灵们正在学习小马们的魔法与科技，龙族在年轻的女王领导下开始了谐律主义改革，风暴帝国正在分崩离析，水晶帝国也在经历一场前所未有的繁荣... 这一切都让卢瑟福王子感到不安。牦牛们做什么都是最棒的... 还是吗？
很快，仅仅是些许的不安变为了彻底的恐惧：那些才刚刚变得美丽的幻形灵重新露出了獠牙，那些掌控着整个大陆的小马开始为他们的疯狂的新女皇服务，曾经雄霸一方的龙族开始对半人马卑躬屈膝，曾经与水晶帝国开放的边境如今却被铁丝网与哨塔封锁。那些魔术表演用的烟花、喷射彩纸的礼炮、运送新鲜苹果派的火车、搬运重物的魔法，如今都变成了充满威胁的形态。在幻形灵女王的一步步挑唆下，水晶帝国的幻形灵驻军也奏响了对牦牛战争的前奏...
牦牛们做什么都是最棒的！但现在，他们第一次需要证明这一点了。

[en.@]
Yaks are the best at everything! There should be no doubt about that. They stand atop snowy mountains, gazing southward at the ever-changing dynasties of Equestria, while their own tribes have stood unyielding for thousands of years.
Tradition, courage, and strength are what yaks pride themselves on, but they are also trapped by them: even after thousands of years, and even as the dragons who once accompanied them have moved on to become monarchies, the yaks seem frozen in time, still living in that tribal era. Yaks have never had “fresh ideas”, and they do not like change. They prefer listening to the sound of the Yovidaphone, chopping wood with their hooves in the snow, or slowly dancing in their tents, rather than learning about friendship and magic.
The School of Friendship was an attempt to change that. Yona, the only student from the yak tribe, unsurprisingly became a top student at the School of Friendship, further proving that yaks are the best at everything, and that the “friendship” that ponies pride themselves on is just overrated. Tribal leader Prince Rutherford was very pleased with Yona’s performance, but he was often troubled by the news Yona brought back from outside. It seemed that things were changing out there.
A few years ago, Prince Rutherford led a delegation to visit the Equestria Kingdom, which at that time may not have been much different from a thousand years ago. But now, he heard that Manehattan was bustling with nightlife, Las Pegasus’ steam engines were rumbling, the long-abandoned railway lines were being rebuilt, and Canterlot was abuzz with talk of a new princess’s coronation... From Yona’s classmates, he heard even more: the Changelings in the south were learning ponies’ magic and technology, the dragons under their young queen were beginning a harmony reform, the Storm Empire was falling apart, and the Crystal Empire was experiencing an unprecedented prosperity... All of this made Prince Rutherford uneasy. Yaks are the best at everything... or are they?
Soon, this slight unease turned into outright fear: the Changelings who had just become beautiful revealed their fangs again, the ponies who controlled the entire continent began serving their new mad Empress, the once-dominant dragons started groveling before the centaurs, and the once-open borders with the Crystal Empire were now sealed with barbed wire and watchtowers. The fireworks used in magic shows, the cannons that shot confetti, the trains that delivered fresh apple pies, and the magic that moved heavy objects had all taken on threatening forms. Under the step-by-step instigation of the Changeling queen, the Changeling garrison in the Crystal Empire also sounded the prelude to war against the yaks...
Yaks are the best at everything! But now, for the first time, they need to prove it.
