[zh.@]
与俩兄弟的谈判
[en.@]
Negotiate with the Twins
[zh.@desc]
“你们竟然敢在凝灰岩上动土！”

石青派用她的蹄子重重的拍打了一下桌子，坚硬的木桌顿时木屑纷飞，一条巨大的缝隙顺着蹄子指向了俩兄弟，将刚要张口的滑舌吓得识相的闭上了嘴。
“凝灰岩是什么东西？”滑舌悄悄问向他的哥哥，但油嘴顾不上回答滑舌，鼓足勇气，向石青派回喊到：“事实上，是你们自己自愿的！”
油嘴清了清嗓子，为自己赢得了两秒钟的冷静时间，继续说道：“你们自愿接受了我们给你们的大量低价机器和全套的图纸等文件，甚至还因此拒绝了苹果家族的帮助，我对此表示遗憾，但是，我向你们保证你们的决定都是物超所值，也是像你们一开始所想的那样实惠的。”

石青派正要继续发作，石灰派示意她冷静下来，低声平静的解释到：“我们早该发现他们的真实目的，布雷本曾经提醒过我们这一点，可是现在再去跟他们争辩什么已经太迟了。”
听到这句话，俩兄弟交换了下眼神，又流露出神气的脸色，他们从震惊中逐渐回想起他们才是今天会议的主导者，石灰派看向俩兄弟问道：“如果今天还能称得上是谈判的话，你们可以说出你们的条件了。”
滑舌得意的看着石青派说道：“很简单，如今作为采石农场不可或缺的投资商和开发者，我们有权掌控每个月的收支情况、分红和部分对外贸易权。当然，要是你们不介意，更多的由我们洛马基研发的工业设备已经在前往这里的路上了”

思考了片刻，石灰派缓缓回复到：

[en.@desc]
“Don’t you dare to break ground on tuff rock!”

Limestone Pie slammed her hoof down heavily on the table, sending wood splinters flying. A large crack formed along the table, pointing accusingly at the two brothers, causing Flam to wisely shut his mouth just as he was about to speak.
“What is tuff rock?” Flam whispered to his elder brother, but Flim was too preoccupied to respond to Flam. Summoning his courage, Flim shouted back at Limestone Pie: “Actually, it was voluntary on your part!”
Flim cleared his throat, buying himself a couple of seconds of composure, and continued, “You willingly accepted our offer of heavily discounted machinery, full sets of blueprints, and other documents, even rejecting the assistance of the Apple family as a result. I regret that, but I assure you that your decisions were both worthwhile and as beneficial as you initially perceived.”

Limestone Pie was about to explode, but Maud Pie signaled for her to calm down. In a calm and quiet voice, Maud explained, "We should have realized their true intentions long ago. Braeburn reminded us of this, but It’s too late to argue with them now.”
Upon hearing this, the two brothers exchanged glances, their faces showing a sense of triumph. Gradually, they remembered that they were the ones leading today’s meeting. Limestone Pie looked towards the two brothers and asked, “If today can still be considered negotiation, what are your terms?”
Flam looked smugly at Limestone Pie and said, “It’s simple. As indispensable investors and developers for the rock farm, we should have control over monthly finances, dividends, and partial rights to external trade. And if you don’t mind, more industrial equipment developed by Las Pegasus is already on its way here.”

After a moment of contemplation, Maud Pie responded slowly:

[zh.@o0]
“我们接受你的条件”
[en.@o0]
“We accept your terms.”
[zh.@o1]
“想都别想。”
[en.@o1]
“Don’t you even think about it.”
