[zh.@]
象征
[en.@]
a symbol
[zh.@desc]
古堡早在几年前就被帝国用作军事基地，被整修一新，自帝国陷落后，苹果派家族的政治中心被继续转移到了俩姐妹城堡这个中间位置，这里进行了更加时髦和现代化的改装。但是，为了应对近期发生的种种意外事故，同时也为了获得更广泛的关注度，石青派把这个象征性的仪式放在了采石农场。

从洛克威尔镇出发，沿途的街道焕然一新，道路俩侧都是欢呼的马群，以及跟踪拍摄的摄影师和巡视的士兵，石青派下了车，独自漫步在前，阳光洒在她的身上，天空被清理的干干净净，她瞟了一眼继续向前走着，俩侧的群众们仍然在加倍高喊着她的名字，她已经听了太多而有些麻木，一只粉色的小幼驹正兴高采烈的的挥舞着大洛克维尔的国旗，透过士兵组成的灰色城墙，出现在她视野的边缘。她的鬃毛和肤色都是多么像.......这让她的心猛然跳动了一下

她快步走到道路的这一侧，突如其来的举动，把周围的士兵和小马都吓的愣了神，那个粉色的小雌驹正要转身，石青派赶紧喊到：“喂，孩子...等等！”周围的小马都纷纷转头朝那个幼驹看去，让她一动不敢动。摄影师则赶紧架好了摄影机，寻找拍摄的最佳视角，士兵们纷纷让开了空间，石青派慢慢走上前，笑着摸了摸她的脑袋，“告诉我孩子，你还好吗”笑容从那个幼驹脸上彻底消失了，取而代之的是惶恐，“你不是真的”那个幼驹用尖细而幼嫩的嗓音开口道。石青派赶紧再次露出一个微笑，“傻孩子，我当然是真的了......嗯，想要跟我合个影吗？”那个幼驹摇了摇头

“妈妈说皇帝不会对普通小马说话”

“不，我不是什么皇帝，我是护...”石青派着急了，但她的话没有说完便停了下来，因为眼前的小马被她刚才的样子吓到了，此刻正低着头瑟瑟发抖，丝毫不敢看着她，石青派叹了口气，这个年纪应该还不理解现实的复杂吧，她安慰自己想。随后，石青派最后挤出一抹微笑道“孩子，你很像我的妹妹，知道吗，我很想念她”那个幼驹没有回应。


[en.@desc]
The castle had been used as a military base by the Empire years ago and had been fully renovated. After the fall of the Empire, the Apple Pie family’s political center was relocated to the space between the two sisters’ castles, where it underwent even more modern and stylish upgrades.

However, to respond to recent unexpected incidents and to gain wider attention, Limestone Pie decided to hold the symbolic ceremony at the quarry farm.

Departing from Rockville Town, the streets along the way were completely renewed. On either side, cheering crowds of ponies lined the roads, while photographers trailed for coverage and soldiers patrolled diligently.

Limestone Pie stepped down from the carriage and walked ahead alone. Sunlight poured over her as the sky above had been scrubbed clear. She cast a quick glance around as she continued forward. The crowds on either side continued to shout her name, louder and louder, until she felt a certain numbness.

A small pink filly waved the flag of Greater Rockville excitedly. Through the gray wall formed by the soldiers, she appeared at the edge of Limestone Pie’s vision. Her mane and coat — so much like… — and Limestone Pie’s heart skipped a beat.

She hurried over to that side of the road. Her sudden movement startled the surrounding soldiers and ponies. The pink filly was about to turn away, but Limestone Pie called out:

“Hey, child… wait!”

Ponies nearby all turned their heads toward the filly, freezing her in place. Photographers quickly adjusted their cameras to capture the best angle. Soldiers made space, and Limestone Pie slowly approached, smiling as she gently patted the filly’s head.

“Tell me, child, are you alright?”

The filly’s smile vanished completely, replaced by sheer fear.

“You’re not real,” the filly whispered in a small, sharp voice.

Limestone Pie forced a gentle smile again.

“Silly child, of course I’m real… hmm, do you want to take a picture with me?”

The filly shook her head.

“Mom said the Emperor doesn’t talk to ordinary ponies.”

“No, I’m not an emperor. I am the Protec…” Limestone Pie began hurriedly, but stopped mid-sentence. The filly had been frightened by her earlier demeanor and now cowered, head down, too scared to meet her eyes. Limestone Pie sighed. This age is too young to understand the complexities of reality, she thought. She comforted herself.

Finally, she managed a faint smile:

“Child, you remind me so much of my sister. You know, I really miss her.”

The filly gave no reply.

[zh.@o0]
随后，石青派怅然的回过头继续往街上走去
[en.@o0]
Then, Limestone turned back dejectedly and continued walking down the street


