[zh.@]
新员工 · 下
[en.@]
New Employee · II

[zh.@desc]
“... 这还没完，去年她们突然和我说，‘淘汰者’打算做点大事情，” 火药桶继续吃着雾轨刚刚从外面带回来的三明治，嘴里塞满了，还依然控诉着，“我当时还以为她们是要去搞什么大型表演，结果她们说要开马芬工厂。我去给她们帮忙，做了两天马芬后，她们就把我给赶出来了！”
听到这里，雾轨忍不住笑了出来。从去年开始“淘汰者”就开始在生产纸杯蛋糕爆炸物了。将军火当做马芬食物售卖确实是一个好主意：不仅能骗过警察，甚至有时候还能骗到客户和“淘汰者”自己的员工 — 比如火药桶。

说到这里，火药桶突然一停顿。看见办公室内的图表，正是小餐馆的马芬生产统计图，他的眼睛一下子亮了起来。“好呀！原来你们抓她们俩就是想要抢过她们的马芬生意！我可听说了，你们垄断了云中城的订单！全部！马芬！订单！” 火药桶越说越激动，口中的蔬菜、面包与番茄渣子四处飞溅，雾轨只好再一次躲到了破空的身后。
“我给了你们这么多对手的信息，你们的计划也被我撞见了。这下小餐馆的马芬生意，是不是得分我一杯羹！？” 火药桶用着完全不像是请求的口吻请求着。

就这样，火药桶成为了层云堡小餐馆的新员工，破空成为了火药桶的新员工培训负责者，雾轨认真整理了火药桶的口供，喷火则准备张贴逮捕闪尘与滚雷的通缉令，每一只小马都有光明的未来。只不过 — 小餐馆的第一年没有收益，产品全都交给了云中城，所以员工们只能领着层云堡政府发放的微薄补贴这件事，喷火最终也没敢对火药桶说出口。

[en.@desc]
“... And that’s not all. Last year, they suddenly told me, ‘The Washouts are planning something big’，” Short Fuse continued eating the sandwich Vapor Trail had just brought back from outside. His mouth was full but that did not stop him from complaining, “I thought they were going to do some big performance, but they said they were going to open a muffin factory. I went to help them, but after two days of making muffins, they kicked me out!”
Hearing this, Vapor Trail couldn’t help but laugh. Since last year, the Washouts had been producing cupcake explosives. Selling military-grade explosives as muffins was indeed a good idea: not only could they fool the police, but sometimes they could even fool the customers and the Washouts’ own employees — like Short Fuse.

At this point, Short Fuse suddenly paused. Seeing the chart in the office, which was coincidentally the muffin production chart of the small diner, his eyes lit up. “OH! THAT’S WHY! So you just caught them to take over their muffin business! No wonder! I heard you monopolized all the orders in Cloudsdale! ALL! THE! MUFFIN! ORDERS!” Short Fuse became more and more excited as he spoke, and the vegetable, bread and tomato residue in his mouth flew everywhere, forcing Vapor Trail to hide behind Sky Stinger again.
“I gave you so much information about your opponents, and I saw your plan. Now, I should get a share of the muffin business, RIGHT!?” Short Fuse requested in a tone that was not at all like a request.

And that’s it. Short Fuse became the new employee of the Stratusburg small diner, Sky Stinger became Short Fuse’s new employee training supervisor, Vapor Trail carefully organized Short Fuse’s testimony, and Spitfire prepared to post the wanted posters for the arrest of Lightning Dust and Rolling Thunder. Everypony had their own business to attend to. However, the small diner would not make any profit in the first year, as all the products were sent to Cloudsdale for free. So the employees could only receive the meager subsidy provided by the Cloudsdale government, which is a fact that Spitfire never dared to tell Short Fuse.

[zh.@o0]
忍俊不禁
[en.@o0]
That’s so funny
