[zh.@]
柔柔港调查报告
[en.@]
Fluttershy Habour Investigation Report
[zh.@desc]
柔柔港是东部地区唯一的海港，也是麒麟社群的第二大海港，当这个重大走私案件发生时，调查柔柔港几乎是专案组的第一反应。
但奇怪的是，我们没有在柔柔港发现任何大规模稚马之息调动记录，也没有伪装成其他花卉的异常出口记录。经过详细的排查，并问询当地居民和在当地经商的一些老客户，我们也排除了有未登记的货物从柔柔港运出的可能性 —— 在和平时期，走私也许是一个小问题，但是暴露麒麟社群的存在给半人马族是一个极其严重的罪行，因此柔柔港的历任官员都严格遵守了出口规定和记录。不仅仅是稚马之息，即使是其他货物的走私案也相当少见，更不要谈大规模的走私案了。不过值得注意的是，柔柔港有着许多§2大型花卉收购商§!，他们都有着巨额的花卉购买需求，而他们背后还有多条花卉销售链。虽然他们的购买手续都完整、合法、正当，但调查组§2无法深入调查每一条销售链§!。
至少，专案组可以确定，在东部地区神秘消失的大批稚马之息§2并不是从柔柔港走私出去的§!。
[en.@desc]
Fluttershy Habour is the only seaport in the Eastern Region and the second largest seaport of the Kirin commune. When this major smuggling case occurs, investigating Fluttershy Habour is almost the first reaction of the task force.
However, it is strange that we did not find any large-scale records of foal’s breath mobilization in Fluttershy Habour, nor any abnormal export records disguised as other flowers. After a detailed investigation, and questioning local residents and some old customers who do business in the area, we also ruled out the possibility of unregistered goods being shipped out of Fluttershy Habour — during peacetime, smuggling may be a small problem, but exposing the existence of the Kirin commune to the centaurs is an extremely serious crime, so the former officials of Fluttershy Habour have strictly complied with export regulations and records. Not only foal’s breath, even smuggling cases of other goods are quite rare, let alone large-scale smuggling cases. However, it is worth noting that Fluttershy Habour has many §2large-scale flower buyers§!, who have huge demands for flower purchases, and they have multiple flower sales chains behind them. Although their purchase procedures are complete, legal, and legitimate, the task force §2cannot investigate every sales chain in depth§!.
At least, the task force can confirm that the large amount of foal’s breath that mysteriously disappeared in the Eastern Region §2did not smuggle out of Fluttershy Habour§!.

[zh.@o0]
记录在案
[en.@o0]
File Archived
