[zh.@]
《黑沙纪事》
[en.@]
“Black Sand Chronicle”

[zh.@desc]
书中描述，大火在战争结束后依然持续燃烧了一个月，土地都全部烧成黑色... 东方是被逆麟燃烧得更彻底的南都，南方的天气正在变冷，黑色的沙尘暴阻拦了他们向西向北的退路。在最后的食物耗尽后，他们只能被困在这里等待他们的末日。
而就在他们将要放弃希望的时候，一只神秘的独角兽出现在他们面前：她并没有驻足拯救这群麒麟，而是从东侧的火焰中走出，径直走向了西侧的沙尘暴，消失其中。但她路过之处，无数花朵在烧焦的土地上生出，这些花朵成为了麒麟们的食物，让他们得以继续生存。
战争结束后，定居在此的这麒麟建立了如今的黑沙府，黑色的沙漠已经变成了一片绿洲。这大概就是《黑沙纪事》的主要内容，虽然其中的情节可能有真有假，也许是他们在艰苦环境中的幻觉。但这本书解释了现代黑沙府的起源，弥补了考古学家们对于这段历史时期的空白。
更有趣的是，其中详细记录了战争后第一代在此生活的麒麟的农耕生活，包含了不少农业技术，如何在彻底烧焦的土地上种植作物，以及如何利用黑沙的独特性质进行农业生产。

§b“黑沙漫天，青鬃妃红角者窃灵之息壤以抗沙暴，不待灵命。灵令杀青鬃妃红角者于翠绿洲，未果。灵悔，乃命其卒布土以谐九州。” —— 《黑沙纪事》原文§!

[en.@desc]
In the books’ narrative, the fire continued to burn for a month after the war ended, turning the entire land black... To the east was the more thoroughly burned Nan Du, to the south the weather was turning cold, and black sandstorms blocked their retreat to the west and north. After their food ran out, they were trapped here, waiting for their end.
Just as they were about to give up hope, a mysterious unicorn appeared before them: she did not stop to save these Kirins, but walked out of the flames to the east and straight into the sandstorm to the west, disappearing within. But wherever she passed, countless flowers sprouted from the scorched earth, becoming the Kirins’ food and allowing them to survive.
After the war, the Kirins who settled here established the current Hei Sha Fu, the city on the black sand desert that has now become an oasis. This is probably the main content of the “Black Sand Chronicle”, although the events in it may be only half-true, perhaps the hallucinations of these Kirins in their harsh environment. But this book explains the origin of modern Hei Sha Fu, filling in the gaps in the history of this period for archaeologists.
What is more interesting is that it details the agricultural life of the first generation of Kirins who lived here after the war, including many agricultural techniques, such as how to grow crops on completely scorched land and how to use the unique properties of black sand for agricultural production.

§b“Verily, ’twas a day when the heavens were veiled ’i black sands, and lo, a unicorn with a mane of cyan and a horn of pink didst purloin the hallowed earth to withstand the tempest of sand, defying the decree of the spirit. The spirit ordered the demise of the unicorn amidst the Emerald Oasis, yet her command fell upon deaf ears. Then didst the spirit rue her decision, instructing her minions to disperse the earth to reestablish harmony upon the orb.” — Original text of the “Black Sand Chronicle”§!

[zh.@o0]
有趣
[en.@o0]
Interesting
