[zh.@]
战后会议
[en.@]
Post-War Summit
[zh.@desc]
星光熠熠掀开窗帘的一角，焦虑而小心的看着窗外，窗外的广场乱做一团，一些小马大喊着，挥舞着标语，与维持秩序的士兵不断发生着肢体摩擦，他们并非是来找自己麻烦的，矛头全部指向了那个灰色的身影，此刻正在簇拥下走入了楼下的大门。“她来了吗？”星光熠熠回过头看了一眼就坐的余晖烁烁，先点了点头，随后叹了口气，把窗帘拉了回去。很快，会场的大门被石青派瞬间推开，星光熠熠不由得屏住呼吸，大门撞击俩侧墙壁，发出沉重的闷响，然后再关闭的严严实实，房间安静了下来，星光熠熠发现此刻甚至能听清自己的心跳声。石青派安静的坐在她的另一侧，安静的打量着她和余晖烁烁，还有喷火等抵抗组织的成员。幸好，至少今天无序没有来，星光熠熠故意提前把他支开，让他暂时去别处寻欢作乐，开他的“帝国毁灭重金属派对”，今天有石青派已经够令她头疼的了，无序也清楚的知道这一点。
“恭喜，女皇和她的支持者已经覆灭了，帝国的残余势力正在四散而逃”星光熠熠朝大家挤出一丝微笑着宣布，的确，这确实是值得所有小马庆祝的一件事，不过庆祝狂欢早在半个月前就已经举办了，今天所有领导者汇聚一堂并不是为此。
场地仍然出奇的寂静，星光熠熠察觉压根没有小马看向自己，她们都看向石青派，眼神里甚至有一丝恐惧。
“是的，你们听到的传言都是真的，我亲自把那个女皇像纸片一样撕碎了，你们应该感谢我”石青派一边回味一边说着，声音里甚至带着一丝令听者胆寒的得意和满足。星光熠熠瞬间感到后脊发凉，眼前的这个雌驹是否已然堕落成了如同黑晶王等邪恶的存在，“我们感谢石青派为...为绳之以法可西光辉做出的努力，她...让可西光辉得到了应有的下场，否则凭借她的魔力，她完全可以躲藏到这个世界的任何一个地方”星光熠熠说着， 没有任何小马表示反对，也没有任何小马表现出赞同。
或许是石青派也察觉了异样和其他小马对她怪异的眼神，她回复星光熠熠说道：“但是这仅仅是一个开始，我们要彻底粉碎帝国以及任何违反谐律的存在，然后接下来是幻形灵，那些可恶而恶心的虫子只有一个下场，再然后是其他生物，任何曾与三巨头勾连过的家伙都要接受最严厉的审判，任何为他们服役过的家伙都该被送入牢笼，让他们赎罪到死吧...”石青派突然被奥瑟蕾丝胆怯而坚定的声音打断：“我们才不是你说的什么恶心的虫子！””飞火也推了一下自己的墨镜，回呛到“尊敬的石青派小姐，从你和你部下的所作所为来看，我觉得你跟你最讨厌的那个女皇一样，没有提及谐律的资格”场面从绝对的安静又变成了彻底的混乱。
“好了够了，都停下！”  星光熠熠释放出静音魔法，淡蓝色的魔法光晕回荡在整个房间，让这里终于回到了起初的状态。她真希望以前用来“对付”崔克西的怒气收集瓶没被她摔碎。然而静音魔法的光晕却像遇到果冻一样从石青派的身上弹开了，石青派冷笑着说“别用你的魔法招呼我，独角兽，你或许以为你很了解我的妹妹们，但我告诉你，我跟我的妹妹们不一样”石青派咬牙切齿的说道,“战争已经结束了，抵抗组织同盟已经没有必要存在了，我不会容忍我眼皮底下任何令我感到不快的东西的存在，我会向你们证明，只有我能给小马利亚带来一个崭新的明天，你们就老实的待在帝国的废墟中，准备目睹这一切吧”随后站起身来，径直离开了会场，这再次带来一片混乱。


[en.@desc]
A sliver of starlight peeked through the curtains, casting a nervous glow as Starlight Glimmer cautiously observed the plaza outside. Ponies were shouting and waving banners, clashing with soldiers attempting to maintain order. They weren’t here for her; all their ire was directed at the gray figure now entering the building below.

"Has she arrived?" Starlight glanced at the seated Sun Glimmer, who nodded before sighing and drawing the curtains closed.

Moments later, the door to the conference room was forcefully pushed open. Starlight held her breath as the heavy door slammed against the walls before closing with a resounding thud. The room fell into an eerie silence, the sound of her own heartbeat filling the air.

Limestone Pie sat quietly beside her, observing Starlight, Sun Glimmer, and the members of the resistance. At least Unordered wasn’t here today. Starlight had deliberately sent him away to "host his Empire-Destroying Heavy Metal Party," knowing his presence would only add to the tension.

"Congratulations, the Empress and her supporters have been defeated, and the remnants of the Empire are scattering." Starlight forced a smile. Indeed, this was a victory worth celebrating, but the celebrations had already occurred weeks ago. Today’s gathering was for a different purpose.

The room remained oddly quiet. Starlight noticed no pony was looking at her; all eyes were on Limestone Pie, some even with a hint of fear.

"Yes, the rumors are true." Limestone’s voice was cold and filled with dark satisfaction. "I personally tore that Empress apart like paper." She chuckled menacingly.

A chill ran down Starlight’s spine. Had this mare fallen as far as Queen Chrysalis?

"We thank Limestone Pie for... for bringing Cozy Glow to justice." Starlight’s voice trembled slightly. "She... ensured Cozy Glow met her deserved end." She paused, searching the room for support. None came.

Perhaps sensing the unease, Limestone spoke again. "But this is just the beginning." She leaned forward, her tone dark. "We will crush the Empire and any who defy harmony." She listed enemies, her voice growing colder with each name.

Before she could continue, a timid yet firm voice interrupted.

"We are not your 'disgusting bugs’!" Ocellus stood, her wings slightly spread in defiance.

"Respectfully, Miss Pie," Firefly adjusted her sunglasses and added, "based on your actions and those of your subordinates, I believe you have as much claim to speak of harmony as the Empress did."

The room erupted into chaos.

"Enough!" Starlight cast a silencing spell, the soft blue glow calming the room. She wished she hadn’t broken the anger containment jar she once used on Trixie.

However, the spell seemed to bounce off Limestone Pie, who sneered.

"Don’t use your magic on me, unicorn." Limestone’s voice dripped with disdain. "You may think you understand my sisters, but you're wrong." She stood, her presence imposing.
fanfiction.ws

"The war is over." She paced, her words sharp. "The resistance is obsolete." She glared at each pony in the room. "I will show you that only I can bring a new dawn to Equestria." With that, she stormed out, leaving a trail of tension in her wake.
[zh.@o0]
无论石青派参加与否，会议仍然继续...
[en.@o0]
Regardless of Limestone’s departure, the meeting continued...
