[zh.@]
报告12-A.1a
[en.@]
Report 12-A.1a
[zh.@desc]
主题：世界局势现状报告（1002年冬）

马哈顿：乐善为首的马哈顿黑帮领地控制下的马哈顿表面上是一座经济繁荣，商业迅速发展的城市，实际上当地贫富差异极为显著。自马哈顿流亡的难民较帝国方向多20％，据当地情报工作者汇报，马哈顿存在非正常大规模马口流动活动，具体情况未知。

水晶帝国：水晶帝国实质上是和煦光流和邪茧女王的殖民地。水晶帝国实行有限民主，实际上坎特洛特和幻形灵的代表团几乎控制了半个水晶帝国理事会，作为当地合法政权统治者的皇室只控制了另外一半。值得注意的是，当地的民主化运动有较大潜力，风雪之心有被劝说合作的可能。如果恰当干预，当地有可能出现大规模民主运动，甚至引发独立战争。

小马利亚帝国（伪）：伪帝国已经成为一盘散沙。由于和煦光流没有足够的力量控制整个帝国，坎特洛特的实控领地只占所有服从于帝国统治地区的一半，剩下的为和煦光流分封的自治领。部分自治领拥有较大的自治权，仅仅表面服从坎特洛特，实际与坎特洛特形成竞争形势。

幻形灵：幻形灵与伪帝国存在利益分歧。“三巨头”的同盟几乎名存实亡，提雷克已不再关注小马利亚事务。幻形灵与帝国的利益分歧，尤其体现在水晶帝国。预计双方中的一方陷入困难时，另一方并不会做出实质性的援助，对抵抗军有利。


署名：安全部长 双钻
[en.@desc]
Subject: World Situation Report (Winter 1002)

Manehattan: The Manehattan controlled by the Manehattan Gang of Gladmane, on the surface, is a city of economic prosperity and rapid commercial development, but in fact, the local gap between the rich and the poor is extremely significant. The number of refugees exiled from Manehattan is 20% more than that from the Empire. According to local informants, there are abnormal large-scale population movements in Manehattan, yet the specific situation is unknown.
Crystal Empire: The Crystal Empire is a de facto colony of Cozy Glow and Queen Chrysalis. The Crystal Empire practices limited democracy. In fact, the Canterlot and Changeling delegations almost control half of the Crystal Empire Council, while the Royals, as the legitimate rulers of the local government, only control the other half. It is worth noting that there is great potential for democratization movements in the area, and there is a possibility of persuading Flurry Heart to cooperate. With appropriate intervention, there is a possibility of a large-scale democratic movement in the area, or even an independence war.
Equestria Empire (illegal): The illegal empire has become a mess. Due to Cozy Glow’s lack of power to control the entire Empire, Canterlot’s actual controlled territory only accounts for half of all areas obedient to the Empire, and the rest are autonomous territories granted by Cozy Glow. Some autonomous territories have greater autonomy, and they only superficially obey Canterlot, while in fact forming a competitive situation with Canterlot.
Changelings: The Changelings and the illegal empire have conflicting interests. The alliance of the “Big Three” is almost in name only, and Tirek is no longer concerned with Equestrian affairs. The conflict of interests between the Changelings and the Empire is particularly evident in the Crystal Empire. It is expected that when one side of the two parties falls into difficulties, the other side will not provide substantial assistance, which is beneficial to the Resistance.

Signature: Head of Security, Double Diamond
[zh.@o0]
记录在案
[en.@o0]
File Archived
