[zh.@]
小马谷战役
[en.@]
Battle of Ponyville

[zh.@desc]
风之魔盘旋在小马谷的头顶，像是一群等待濒死动物的秃鹫。它们已经预见到了即将到来的冲突，兴奋地等待着在小马谷的战场上享用一顿盛宴。
月光下，特丽克西拖着疲惫的身躯从军队指挥部离开，向自己的马车走去。一路上，她回忆着在作战室中，在帝国委员的监视下，她用羽毛笔亲自签署了命令 —— “发现星光熠熠，立即击毙”。她以为自己用魔法控制着羽毛笔时，角在颤抖，她担心自己的紧张被委员察觉。但幸运的是，又或者不幸的是，她没有丝毫颤抖。麻木？她已经不再能判断自己的心脏是否依然在跳动。
“只是为了保护小马谷，就暂时装作与他们合作吧。” 她依稀记得当年的自己是如何对病床上昏迷不醒的星光熠熠耳语的，但现在，这也仅仅只是一段遥远的回忆。自己的身上已经背负了多少生命，浸染了多少鲜血？她不敢去想，她只能告诉自己，这一切都是为了小马谷，为了和平，为了—— 为了什么呢？

小马谷的一切繁荣将在夜幕下化为泡影，自己几年来的罪孽所换来的，不是救赎或是守护，而是毁灭。等到明天日出之时，她的一切努力将不复存在，而她的名字，也将被永远地刻在小马谷的历史上 —— 成为一个背叛者，无论哪一方获得胜利。又或者，自己真的努力过吗？还是这一切只是贪生怕死的自己的借口？沉迷于政治游戏中，自己与那些来自坎特洛特的委员，真的有区别吗？她不知道，她只知道，自己已经无法回头了。她羞愧于自己的行为，甚至因此不敢面对星光，不敢回应星光的呼唤，甚至害怕再看到星光的脸。星光离开小马谷时她们未能碰面，她无法想象，也不敢想象，星光用充满失望的双眼看着自己的情景。
特丽克西并不奢望她的罪孽能得到赦免，但至少在生命的最后时刻，她要证明自己对小马谷的真心。她必须战斗到底，即使让战火波及无辜，即使让自己得灵魂彻底在黑暗中淹死，即使让星光熠熠将自己视作叛徒。只有这样，在战后小马谷的废墟中，至少还能留下些什么。

如果星光就此撤军就好了，那样小马谷至少得以见到明天的太阳。星光熠熠怎么会不想不通这一点呢？
[en.@desc]
The Windigos circle above Ponyville, like vultures waiting for a dying animal. They have foreseen the coming conflict and eagerly await their feast on the battlefield of Ponyville.
Under the moonlight, Trixie drags her weary body away from the command post, heading towards her wagon. Along the way, she recalls how she signed the order with a quill in the war room, under the watchful eye of the Empire’s commissioner — “Find Starlight Glimmer, terminate immediately.” She thought her horn was trembling as she use magic to hold the quill, she was worried that the commissioner would notice her nervousness. But fortunately, or unfortunately, she did not tremble at all. Numb? She could no longer tell if her heart was still beating.
“To protect Ponyville, I will just pretend to cooperate with them for now.” She vaguely remembers how she whispered to the comatose Starlight Glimmer in the sickbed, but now, it is just a distant memory. How many lives has she taken, how much blood has she shed? She dare not think about it, she can only tell herself that it is all for Ponyville, for peace, for — for what?

All the prosperity of Ponyville will be gone in the night, and all the crimes she has committed over the years, will not be come redemption or protection, but destruction. When the sun rises tomorrow, all her efforts will be gone, and her name will be forever etched in the history of Ponyville — as a traitor, no matter which side wins. Or, has she really tried? Or is it just an excuse for her cowardice? Obsessed with political games, is there really any difference between her and the commissioners from Canterlot? She doesn’t know, she only knows that she can’t turn back. She is ashamed of her actions, even afraid to face Starlight, afraid to respond to Starlight’s call, even afraid to see Starlight’s face again. When Starlight left Ponyville, Trixie was not there. She could not imagine, and dared not imagine, the scene of Starlight looking at her with disappointed eyes.
Trixie does not expect her sins to be forgiven, but at least in the last moments of her life, she must prove her sincerity to Ponyville. She must fight to the very end, even if it means involving the innocent in the war, even if it means drowning her soul in the darkness, even if Starlight Glimmer sees her as a traitor. Only in this way, in the ruins of Ponyville after the war, can she preserve at least something.

If Starlight would just withdraw her troops, Ponyville would at least see another sunrise. How could Starlight not understand this?

[zh.@o0]
她怎么会不明白呢？
[en.@o0]
How could she not understand?
