[zh.@]
希望的回归
[en.@]
Return of The Hope
[zh.@desc]
自从不知如何回到这个世界上，森布拉的心中就只剩下了仇恨与骄傲，直到 — 他终于搜寻到了那个许久未见的身影。
“真的是你？森布拉？” 一个温柔而又熟悉的声音传入了他的耳中。
那只紫色的小马一下扑了上来，抱住了这位让其他小马都感到恐惧的威严君主。森布拉则没有显露出太多表情变化，至少表面上是这样。他举起蹄子，想要推开面前的小马，但想了想却终究没有这么做。
“森布拉，真的是你！我以为你已经... 之前我一直在尝试让你重获自由... 之后又在尝试从那些水晶的碎片中将你复活，但是——”
“很显然你成功做到了。” 森布拉打断了紫色小马的话。紫色小马疑惑地抬起头，打量着面前这位老朋友，“可是... 并不是我把你复活的... 我也不知道发生了什——”
“过去的事情并不重要，重要的是我现在已经回来了。” 森布拉再次打断了她，他的声音中充满了威严，但也有着一丝温柔，可这还是让紫色小马松开了抱住他的蹄子，退后了一步。

“我回来了，为了我的复仇，为了我的荣耀，为了我的族裔。而你，希望辐光，将与我一同见证这一切。我的皇后。”
听到这些，原本欣喜的希望辐光脸上闪过一丝忧愁，她想说些什么，但最终还是没有说出口。她只是默默地点了点头，然后跟随着森布拉，一同走向了已经铺满黑晶的皇城道路。

“你刚刚来到这里，可能还不太适应，不过你放心，我的奴隶和同族们会照顾好你的。你先在我为你修建的宫殿中休息一段时间，好吗？” 森布拉转头看向希望，虽然言语充满关怀，但语气却也仍然像是没有情感一般冰冷。
希望辐光并没有说话，也并没有点头，只是默默向前走着。短暂的静默后，她向前跑去，然后转过身来面对着森布拉，逼迫他停下前进的脚步。

“水晶之心已经不会再阻拦我们了，那么之后，我们一起去参加一次水晶集会吧！好吗？” 希望辐光歪着头，闭着眼，微笑着对森布拉说。
[en.@desc]
Ever since he returned to this world without knowing how, Sombra’s heart was filled with nothing but hatred and pride, until he finally found the figure he had not seen for a long time.
“Is it really you? Sombra?” A gentle and familiar voice came into his ears.
The purple pony rushed up and hugged the majestic monarch who made other ponies feel fearful. Sombra did not show much change in expression, at least on the surface. He raised his hoof, wanting to push away the pony in front of him, but after thinking about it, he did not do so.
“Sombra, it’s really you! I always thought you had... I have been trying to help you regain your freedom... and then trying to resurrect you from those crystal shards, but —”
“It is obvious that you have succeeded.” Sombra interrupted the purple pony. The purple pony raised her head in confusion, looking at the old friend in front of her, “But... it was not me who resurrected you... I don’t know how it happened—”
“The past is not important, what is important is that I have returned now.” Sombra interrupted her again, his voice full of majesty, but also with a hint of tenderness. However, this still made the purple pony let go of her hoof that was holding him, and took a step back.

“I am back, for my revenge, for my glory, for my race. And you, Radiant Hope, will witness all what’s coming next, with me. My queen.”
Hearing this, the originally joyful Radiant Hope showed a hint of sorrow on her face, she wanted to say something, but in the end she did not say it. She just nodded silently, and then followed Sombra, walking towards the road of the imperial city that was already covered with black crystals.

“You have just arrived here, and you may not be used to it yet, but don’t worry, my slaves and my fellow umbrums will take care of you. Would you like to rest in the palace I built for you for a while?” Sombra turned his head to look at Hope, although his words were full of care, his tone was still as cold as if he had no emotions.
Radiant Hope did not speak, nor did she nod, she just walked forward silently. After a brief silence, she ran forward, then turned around to face Sombra, forcing him to stop his steps.

“The Crystal Heart will no longer stop us, so someday, let’s go to a crystal fair together, shall we?” Radiant Hope tilted her head, closed her eyes, and smiled at Sombra.
[zh.@o0]
期待一次以暗影为主题的水晶集会吧！
[en.@o0]
Wait and see for a crystal fair with a shadow theme!
