[zh.@]
变革
[en.@]
Change
[zh.@desc]
没有小马知道发生了什么。我们只知道，帝国在发生变化。

若你只通过读报来获取时政新闻，那么你大概不会感觉到太多异样；若你有亲属在帝国政府内工作，那么也许... 也仅仅是也许，你可能听到些许不靠谱的风声。

总之，自从“模仿者运动”演变成流血冲突以后，一股噤声的恐怖就紧紧地缠住了整个帝国政府。传言女皇怒不可遏，下令组建了调查组要彻底清除帝国政府的内鬼，调查组在坎特洛特各处的阴影中记下了成千上万的名字。

没有小马知道调查组的详细信息，没有小马知道调查的结论是什么，甚至没有小马可以确认这样一个传说中的调查组真的存在。日复一日，群众只能通过那高到不正常的高官辞职率和失踪率中窥见秘密的一角 — 帝国正在进行一场大清洗。但这种猜想很快又被否定了，民众们看到那些失踪的高官出现在洛马基度假，又或者在水晶帝国做起了贸易... 

这场恐怖随之也戛然而止。没有原因，没有结果，没有新闻，没有流言，笼罩着整个帝国的恐怖在达到极点的一瞬间，突然消失了。

即使真的存在过那个传说中的调查组，这个小组大概也在一天之内完成了解散。帝国政府对“模仿者运动”的调查完完全全停止了，甚至有不少被逮捕的激进抗议者莫名其妙被释放。秩序部撤回了大量驻扎在各个街道的警察，而帝国政府则没有发表任何声明解释这一切。

没有小马知道发生了什么。我们只知道，帝国在发生变化。
[en.@desc]
No pony knows what happened. We only know that the empire is changing.

If you only get political news through reading newspapers, then you probably won’t realize any difference; if you have relatives working in the empire’s government, then maybe... just maybe, you might hear some unreliable rumors.

Anyway, since the “Imitator Movement” evolved into a bloody conflict, a silent terror has tightly wrapped around the entire empire’s government. It is rumored that the Empress was furious and ordered the formation of an investigation team to thoroughly eliminate the traitors in the empire’s government. The investigation team noted down thousands of names in the shadows of Canterlot.

No pony knows the details of the investigation team, no pony knows what the conclusion of the investigation is, and no pony can even confirm the existence of such a mythical investigation team. Day after day, the masses can only glimpse at an iceberg tip of secrets in side the Empire, through the abnormally high resignation and disappearance rates of high-ranking officials — the empire is undergoing a great purge. But this speculation was quickly denied, as the public saw those missing high-ranking officials appearing in Las Pegasus on vacation, or starting trade in the Crystal Empire...

This terror also stopped abruptly. Without reason, without result, without news, without rumors, the terror that shrouded the entire empire just, vanished in an instant, just as it was about to reach its peak.

Even if the mythical investigation team really existed, this group probably disbanded within a day. The empire’s government completely stopped the investigation of the “Imitator Movement”, and many arrested radical protesters were inexplicably released. The EEMO withdrew a large number of police stationed on various streets, and the empire’s government did not issue any statement to explain everything.

No pony knows what happened. We only know that the empire is changing.
[zh.@o0]
变革的时代
[en.@o0]
The Age of Change
