[zh.@]
《马富论》
[en.@]
Wealth of Equestria
[zh.@desc]
《马富论》，全名《小马利亚财富的性质和原因的研究》，是一部由小马利亚帝国首席经济学家羽蝶所著的经济学著作。羽蝶生长于云中城与层云堡地区，自两姐妹政权时期就在小马利亚参与经济活动组织与记录。他曾经有过焦头烂额管理物资的经历，也曾见识过暮光闪闪统治时期的慌张。因此羽蝶在管理岗位中意识到劳动分工的必要性，并主张小马们具有理性，可以自发组织，像是被一只隐形的独角兽魔法推动着。不过值得强调的是，由于和煦光流女皇与花花短裤等旧贵族的反对，羽蝶的经济理论并未在帝国获得完整的落实，而仅仅在云中城有过短暂的试点，最终以混沌的呆蹄当选领主而失败告终。

§b... 一只小马一般来说，确实既不打算促进公共利益，也不知道自己到底促进了多少。她之所以更倾向于支持小马产业而不是幻形灵产业，只是为了自己的安全；她之所以指导产业以使其产品价值最大，只是为了自己的利益，而在这一点上，她像在许多其他情况下一样，被隐形的独角兽魔法引导着去促进一个并非她本意的目标。§!

[en.@desc]
Wealth of Equestria, short for “An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Equestria”, is an economic treatise written by Feather Flatterfly, the chief economist of the Equestria Empire. Feather Flatterfly grew up in the Cloudsdale and Stratusburg region, and has been involved in economic activities and records in Equestria since the time of the two sisters’ reign. He has had the experience of managing materials in a hurry, and has also witnessed the panic of the Twilight Sparkle era. Therefore, Feather Flatterfly realized the necessity of division of labor in management positions, and advocated that ponies are rational and can spontaneously organize, as if driven by invisible unicorn magic. However, it is worth noting that due to the opposition of Empress Cozy Glow and the old nobles such as Fancy Pants, Feather Flatterfly’s economic theory has not been fully implemented in the Empire, and has only had a brief trial in Cloudsdale, ending in failure with the election of the chaotic Duchess Derpy Hooves.

§b... A pony generally, indeed, neither intends to promote the public interest, nor knows how much he is promoting it. By preferring the support of pony to that of changeling industry, she intends only her own security; and by directing that industry in such a manner as its produce may be of the greatest value, she intends only her own gain, and she is in this, as in many other cases, led by invisible unicorn magic to promote an end which was no part of her intention.§!

[zh.@o0]
好吧
[en.@o0]
Okay
