[zh.@]
传承
[en.@]
Pass On
[zh.@desc]
“新元年”的第二天，得知消息的麒麟国就也发生了一件大事：雨晴向麒麟们宣布，她将退位，将麒麟领袖的职责禅让于最出色的麒麟——秋烨。
虽然雨晴的退位是标志着重要的改变，但麒麟国早已做好了准备。几个月来，雨晴已经开始逐渐减少自己的公开活动，将更多的事务交给秋烨处理。秋烨也在这段时间里展现出了自己的能力，让麒麟们对她的领导能力有了更多的信心——更不如说，原本麒麟们就已经将这个解除全麒麟静默的最大功臣视为未来的领袖。
雨晴表示，“新元年”的发生的确令她始料未及，但她的退位与“新元年”并无直接关系，毕竟遥远的麒麟索尔大陆受到的影响并不大：“我是一位和平主义者，但我也是一位现实主义者。我知道，如今的世界形势正在发生变化，麒麟国也在这几年间愈加开放。我相信，在这样一个动荡而又充满挑战的年代，充满活力的秋烨，相比于追求稳定的我，更能带领麒麟国走向未来、抓住机遇。”
另一方面，雨晴也表示，自从声音恢复以后，她就一直想要再演艺事业上复出。
“曾经我是一名领袖，但此后我想重新做回一名歌手。” 雨晴如是说。
[en.@desc]
The second day after “Jahr Null”, a major event occurred also among the Kirins: Rain Shine announced to the Kirins that she would abdicate and pass on the leadership of the Kirins to the most outstanding Kirin, Autumn Blaze.
Although Rain Shine’s abdication marked an important change, the Kirins were already prepared. For several months, Rain Shine had begun to gradually reduce her public activities and hand over more affairs to Autumn Blaze. Autumn Blaze also demonstrated her ability during this time, giving the Kirins more confidence in her leadership ability - or rather, the Kirins had already regarded this greatest contributor to the end of the Kirin silence as the future leader at the very beginning.
Rain Shine said, “The occurrence of ‘Jahr Null’ was indeed unexpected to me, but my abdication is not directly related to ‘Jahr Null’. After all, the Kirinthal continent is too far away to be affected much: ‘I am a pacifist, but I am also a realist. I know that the world situation is changing now, and the Kirin country has become more open in recent years. I believe that in such a turbulent and challenging era, the energetic leader Autumn Blaze, compared to me who only pursues stability, can better lead the Kirin country to the future and seize opportunities.”
On the other hand, Rain Shine also said that since her voice had recovered, she had always wanted to return to the entertainment industry.
“I was once a leader, but since then I want to be a singer again.” Rain Shine said.
[zh.@o0]
欢庆，欢庆
[en.@o0]
Rejoice, rejoice
