[zh.@]
下蹄轻一点
[en.@]
A Lighter Hoof
[zh.@desc]
在那一夜后，“模仿者运动”也迎来了它的结束。成千上万的关联者被关入了监狱，抑或是逃离了帝国。
但事件的结束并没能终结其影响的余波，“模仿者”成为了一种潜藏在街头巷尾的文化：在那些黑暗的角落里，墙上涂鸦着女皇的画像，有的是丑化的形象，而更多只是正常的形象，这样警察才没有任何理由去逮捕他们。曾经帝国的宣传机器无数次尝试想要宣传女皇的伟大，尽可能让女皇的肖像、旗帜和著作出现在每个小马的家中与每一条街道上。如今，他们的努力成为了现实，但却是以一种他们无法控制的方式。

很快，“私自印刷、绘画和持有女皇的画像”成为了一条新的罪名，加入了小马利亚帝国的冗长法律中。
直到那一天，离开皇宫的女皇坐在她的轿子上，先开窗帘看到了坎特洛特城的一条小巷。巷子的尽头，一名秩序部警察正在狠狠殴打一只打扮成和煦光流模样的青少年“模仿者”。
和煦光流命令车队停下，她坐在那里看了许久，直到那只小马被打得不再动弹。随行的坎特洛特警察局长也终于注意到了女皇的行为，他走上前去，声音颤抖着汇报：“对不起女皇！您不该看到这些！这是我们工作的疏忽。请相信我，我向您保证，一定会继续加大力度！保证您永远不会再看到他们！以后在街头看到‘和煦光流’，我们见一个杀一个！”
警长意识到自己说错了话，他的脸色变得苍白，他感到天旋地转，他的心脏狂跳，他的双蹄颤抖着，他的喉咙干涩，想要辩解却无法说出一句话。

又过了许久，女皇却只是将蹄子伸出窗外，拍了拍局长的背。
“不，局长，你去告诉你的下属，以后请温柔一点。记住，下蹄轻一点。”
[en.@desc]
After that night ended, the “Imitator Movement” also came to an end. Thousands of associates were imprisoned or fled the empire.
But the ending of the incident is not the end of its aftermath. The “Imitator” has become a hidden culture in the streets and alleys: in those dark corners, the walls are painted with the portrait of the Empress, some are caricatured, and more are just normal images, so that the police have no reason to arrest them. The propaganda machine of the empire has tried countless times to promote the greatness of the Empress, to make the Empress’s portrait, flag, and autobiography appear in every pony’s home and every street. Now, their efforts have become a reality, but in a way they cannot control.

Soon, “printing, painting, or holding the Empress’s portrait” became a new crime, joining the long laws of the Equestria Empire.
Until that day, the Empress, who left the palace, sat in her palanquin and opened the curtain to see an alley in Canterlot City. At the end of the alley, an EEMO police officer was beating a teenager “Imitator” dressed as Cozy Glow.
Empress Cozy Glow ordered the convoy to stop, and she sat there for a long time, until the pony was beaten to death. The accompanying Canterlot Police Chief finally noticed the Empress’s behavior and walked up to her, his voice trembling as he reported: “I’m so sorry, your Majesty! You shouldn’t have seen this! This is our negligence at work. Please believe me, I promise you, we will worker harder! I promise you will never see them again! If we see ‘Cozy Glow’ on the street in the future, we will instantly kill them on sight!”
The police chief realized that he had said the wrong thing, his face turned pale, he felt dizzy, his heart was pounding, his hooves were shaking, his throat was dry, and he wanted to explain but couldn’t say a word.

After a long time, the Empress just reached out her hoof out of the window and patted the chief’s back.
“No, Chief, you go and tell your subordinates, please be more gentle in the future. A lighter hoof, remember.”
[zh.@o0]
下蹄轻一点，下蹄轻一点
[en.@o0]
A lighter hoof, a lighter hoof
