[zh.@]
珍珠和平
[en.@]
Pearl Peace

[zh.@desc]
近日，发生在风暴海地区被称为“珍珠战争”的冲突以和平方式落下帷幕。余晖烁烁与诺沃女王在艾里斯峰举行会谈，会谈中，余晖烁烁提出了一个新的单位——海里，将其作为海上距离单位。并提议双方由陆地领土向水域延伸12海里为领海，其余部分为公海。在紧张的谈判后，双方达成了《艾里斯峰协议》。诺沃女皇接受了余晖对领海划分的主张，并承诺共同保卫风暴海域安全。双方将在未来开展一系列经济合作以促进两国关系与发展。

“珍珠战争”由一起风暴岛渔民误伤到海马的意外导致，这起意外因两国之间多年来的矛盾与猜忌而不断升级，最终演变成两国海军在风暴海的武装对峙，虽然两国鹰派剑拔弩张，但领导层的冷静使得冲突最终没有上升到热战。风暴岛民众欢呼自己躲过了一场战争，余晖烁烁的名望空前。而海马们则不满意诺沃女王的懦弱，认为海马们失去了风暴海。不过总体上，《艾里斯峰协议》的签定对两国都是一个双赢局面。

小马利亚帝国方面则对两国表示谴责，认为他们正在试图“垄断风暴海航线以牟取暴利”。
[en.@desc]
Recently, the conflict, known as the “Pearl War”, in the Storm Sea region came to a peaceful conclusion. Sunset Shimmer and Queen Novo held talks at Mount Aris, during which Sunset proposed a new unit of measurement, the nautical mile, to be used as a standard for maritime distance. She suggested that both parties extend their territorial waters 12 nautical miles from their land borders, with the remaining areas considered international waters. After tense negotiations, the two sides reached the “Mountain Aris Treaty”. Queen Novo accepted Sunset’s proposal for the division of territorial waters and promised to jointly defend the safety of the Storm Sea. The two sides will carry out a series of economic cooperation in the future to promote the relationship and development of the two countries.

The “Pearl War” was caused by an accidental injury to a seapony by a storm island fisher creature. The accident escalated due to years of conflict and suspicion between the two countries, eventually evolving into an armed standoff between the two navies in the Storm Sea. Although the hawks of both countries were on the brink of war, the calmness from the leadership prevented the conflict from escalating into a hot war. The storm islanders cheered for the avoidance of a war and celebrated Sunset Shimmer who gained unprecedented fame. The seaponies, however, were dissatisfied with Queen Novo’s weakness, believing that the seaponies had lost their Storm Sea. Nevertheless, the signing of the “Mountain Aris Treaty” was a win-win situation for both countries. 

The Equestria Empire, on the other hand, condemned both countries, accusing them of attempting to “monopolize the Storm Sea route for profit”.

[zh.@o0]
风暴海安全了
[en.@o0]
The Sea is safe now
