[zh.@]
珍品定制
[en.@]
Rarity’s Boutique
[zh.@desc]
在马哈顿中心，有一间不算大的店铺。它原先的招牌已经被一块木板遮挡。木板上隐约透露出几个字，已经难以辨认。几年来，附近的居民们每天都来领取食物和救济品，在小马们的记忆中，这里是救济处。在三年前，它叫“瑞瑞奢侈品店”。

大战后，数以万计的小马自西方逃难来到马哈顿。那时马哈顿的街头挤满了难民，交通崩溃、秩序混乱，马哈顿如同山谷尽头的盆地，待来自西方的洪水冲击，整个社会便一触即溃。瑞瑞失去音讯，瑞瑞奢侈品店的销售员可可帕梅便关紧了店铺的大门，祈求门外的混乱不要波及到这一安详处所。

失序持续到乐善上任马哈顿市长。这个小店铺见证了马哈顿街头所有的小马一夜间成为了乐善集团的私有物。混乱消失了，新秩序接替了它的位置，一箱又一箱小马被运出马哈顿，留在马哈顿的小马们成为大公司的消耗品。居民楼被改造成了蜂巢，承载着超过设计容量八倍的马口。食物供给濒临小马相食的红线。

可可帕梅不希望惨状出现，她成为了承担服装设计工作的销售员，重新开张了瑞瑞奢侈品店。通过为那些大公司的高层提供定制衣物，可可帕梅得到了特许经营权，以精心设计的服装获得了食物和生活消费品的供应。“瑞瑞奢侈品店”的招牌被遮挡用以避开帝国秘密警察的怀疑。从此，这家服装店摇身一变，成为了给居民和奴隶们分发救济品的救助站。

直到马哈顿解放了，小马们终于不用再依靠救济才能活下去，救济站已经完成了它的使命。可可帕梅取下了那块遮挡招牌的木板，“瑞瑞奢侈品店”由此重新出现在小马们的视线，开始恢复它原本的业务。

不幸的是，这家店的主人，早已不在世间。

幸运的是，马哈顿仍留有她的痕迹。
[en.@desc]
In the center of Manehattan, there is a small, insignificant shop. Its original sign has been obscured by a wooden board. The board vaguely reveals a few words, which are difficult to discern. For years, the nearby residents have come to collect food and relief supplies every day, so that in the memories of the ponies, this place seems like a relief station. Well, three years ago, it was called “Rarity’s Boutique”.

After the Ultimate Battle, tens of thousands of ponies fled to Manehattan from the west. At that time, the streets of Manehattan were crowded with refugees, traffic was paralyzed, and order was chaotic. At that time, Manehattan was like a basin at the end of the valley in the face of the flood from the west, and the entire society would collapse at any moment. The shop assistant of Rarity’s Boutique, Coco Pommel, was unable to contact Rarity, so she closed the door of the shop and prayed that the chaos outside would not spread to this peaceful place.

The chaos lasted until Gladmane became the mayor of Manehattan. Overnight, this insignificant shop witnessed all the ponies on the streets of Manehattan becoming the private property of the Gladmane Group. Chaos disappeared, at the price of a new order taking its place. Container after container of ponies were shipped out of Manehattan, and the ponies left in Manehattan became the consumables of the big companies. Residential buildings were transformed into beehives, carrying more than eight times the designed capacity of ponies. The food supply was so low, that the ponies are almost at the point of cannibalism.

Coco Pommel did not want to see such a tragedy, so she take up the job of clothing design and reopened the shop. By providing custom clothing for the executives of those big companies, Coco Pommel earned the license to operate, and with the profits from the carefully designed clothing, she was able to afford sufficient food and daily necessities. Coco covered the sign “Rarity’s Boutique” with a wooden board to avoid attracting attention from the Empire’s secret police. From then on, this clothing store transformed into a relief station that distributed relief supplies to residents and slaves.

When Manehattan was liberated, when the ponies no longer had to rely on relief to survive, the relief station had finally completed its mission. Coco Pommel removed the wooden board covering the sign, and “Rarity’s Boutique” reappeared in the sight of the ponies, resuming its original business.

Unfortunately, the owner of this shop is no longer with us.

Fortunately, Manehattan still remembers her.
[zh.@o0]
向你致敬
[en.@o0]
Salute
