[zh.@]
在仍然坚持幻形灵王国为正统的化茧者们所撰写的史书中，索拉克斯是有史以来第一位发现爱意分享原理的幻形灵：如果幻形灵自愿地将爱分享给其他幻形灵，那么就会产生出额外的爱意。也因此，索拉克斯成为了一代英明的幻形灵领袖，开创了现代的幻形灵王国。只不过当然，这个昙花一现的国家所记载的历史并未得到幻形灵帝国官方史书的收录。
在女王回归后，如今的幻形灵帝国史学界普遍用这样一种观点来反驳索拉克斯的理论：如果说自愿的分享会产生爱意，那么过去的幻形灵，即使没有化茧，也都一定发自真心地热爱着女王并愿意将自己的爱意分享给女王。为什么过去从未发生过爱意凭空产生的异象呢？这似乎过于奇怪。
尽管历史学家们对这一思想实验感到精妙绝伦，科学家与魔法学家却绞尽脑汁也无法破解化茧者们终日无需进食的奥秘，使得这种争论在幻形灵情报局无法探查到的角落里持续不休。直到对水晶帝国的战争结束后，源源不断的爱意一车一车地从水晶帝国运送到达虫巢时，这种争论才终于消停了。当饥饿的恐惧再一次笼罩虫巢时，或许对这个问题的探索才会继续。
[en.@]
In the historical records written by the metamorphed Changelings who still adhere to the legitimacy of the Changeling Kingdom, Thorax was the first Changeling to ever discover the principle of love sharing: if Changelings voluntarily share love with other Changelings, additional love will be generated. Consequently, Thorax became a wise Changeling leader, founding the modern Changeling Kingdom. Of course, the history recorded by this short-lived nation was not included in the official historical records of the Changeling Empire.
After the Queen’s return, the current historical community of the Changeling Empire generally refutes Thorax’s theory with the following view: if voluntary sharing generates love, then as past Changelings, even without being metamorphed, must have genuinely loved the Queen and been willing to share their love with her, it would be pretty weird that the anomaly of love spontaneously generating have never occurred in the past.
Despite historians finding this thought experiment ingenious, scientists and sorcerer racked their brains yet couldn’t unravel the mystery of how the metamorphed Changelings sustained themselves without daily nourishment. This fueled an ongoing debate in corners unreachable by the Changeling Intelligence Agency. The arguments finally quieted down only after the war with the Crystal Empire concluded, and an unending supply of love arrived at the hive, cartload after cartload, from the Crystal Empire. Perhaps not until the fear of hunger once again loomed over the hive will the mystery be researched again.
