[zh.@]
布雷本的办公室里
[en.@]
In Braeburn’s office
[zh.@desc]
“莫丝清香妹妹，欢迎回来，这次去采石农场有什么收获吗？”布雷本摸了摸她的脑袋，笑着问道，让莫丝清香吓了一跳，但迅速让自己冷静下来，当然，她知道布雷本应该毫不知情，毕竟，她是以公派的身份前去采石农场商讨经济政策的，她跟奥塔维奥的事情肯定没有任何别的小马知道...? 
“嗯，是的...派家族还是跟之前一样热情”莫丝清香点了点头，回复到。听到派家族这个词后，布雷本叹了口气，一边说着，转过身看向窗外： “你见到石青派了吗，她有没有说最近都在干什么？”  莫丝清香悄悄移步到布雷本的桌子边，蹄子伸进口袋里摸到了那包粉末，心脏再次开始激烈颤动起来，但她尽量压着声音，让声音听起来足够正常和甜美：“她说她希望俩个家族之间能恢复往昔那样的美好”。
“真的吗？她真的是这么想的吗？”布雷本猛地转过头看着莫丝清香，吓得她大气都不敢喘。然而，布雷本再次把头望向窗外。“其实……我一直都很理解她。她还在等她家的萍琪派回来，我也还在等我们家的苹果嘉儿。三年了，帝国连一句可信的话都没有给过我们。我跟她同样怨恨那个该死的女皇。”他一蹄砸在墙壁上泄愤，让整个房间发出轰轰的震颤。“但她失去了所有耐心，变得盲目。我不能眼睁睁看着两个家族被她带入仇恨的深渊。”
布雷本继续自顾自说着交心的话，莫丝清香迟疑了，她从没想过原来布雷本同样如此热烈的期望推翻帝国，同样，她思考着布雷本的话，也许，这么做只会让俩个家族的未来变得黑暗，她也感到惶恐不安，此刻，俩个家族未来的命运都掌握在她的蹄中。
[en.@desc]
"Mossy Scent, my dear sister, welcome back. Did your trip to the rock farm yield any fruitful results?" Braeburn gently patted her head, smiling warmly. The gesture startled Mossy Scent, but she quickly composed herself. Of course, she knew Braeburn was likely unaware of her personal matters. After all, she had officially visited the rock farm to discuss economic policies. Surely, no other pony knew about her situation with Octavio... right?

"Yes... the Pie family was as hospitable as ever," Mossy Scent nodded, responding calmly.

Upon hearing the mention of the Pie family, Braeburn sighed and turned to gaze out the window. "Did you see Limestone Pie? Did she mention what she’s been up to lately?"

Mossy Scent quietly stepped closer to Braeburn’s desk, her hoof slipping into her pocket, fingers brushing against the packet of powder. Her heart began to race, but she kept her voice steady and sweet: "She said she hopes our two families can return to the harmonious times of the past."

"Really? She truly feels that way?" Braeburn turned sharply toward Mossy Scent, making her hold her breath, then looked back out the window. "Actually... I have always understood her. She is still waiting for her family's Pinkie Pie to return, just as I am still waiting for our Applejack. Three years, and the Empire has never given us one credible answer. I share her hatred for that cursed Empress." He slammed a hoof against the wall. "But she has lost all patience and become blinded. I cannot watch our two families be led into an abyss of hatred."

As Braeburn continued to speak his heartfelt thoughts, Mossy Scent hesitated. She had never realized that Braeburn also fervently wished to overthrow the empire. Reflecting on his words, she pondered whether their actions might only darken the future of both families. A sense of unease settled over her, realizing that the fate of their families rested in her hooves.
[zh.@o0]
莫丝清香咬紧牙关，把粉末都倒了进茶杯里...
[en.@o0]
Mossy Scent clenched her teeth, pouring the powder into the teacup...
[zh.@o0]
莫丝清香把粉末放回了口袋里，放弃了这个念头
[en.@o0]
Mossy Scent returned the powder to her pocket, abandoning the thought.

[zh.@TOOLTIP]
警告：如果你在游玩苹果鲁萨，这一选项将导致游戏结束
[en.@TOOLTIP]
