[zh.@]
希望的耳语
[en.@]
Whispers of The Hope
[zh.@desc]
希望辐光并不认为自己是一只善良的小马，她很清楚自己花费了迄今为止的一生中的绝大部分时间，在尝试释放或者复活一只恶魔；她也并不感到自豪，她现在正在欺骗这只恶魔，又或者，她现在正在欺骗自己。

起初，她装作没有看见那一切暴行，只是偶尔提示森布拉，让他保持克制。后来，她又开始有意无意地在谈话中，假装不经意间，引导甚至欺骗森布拉去做一些她认为对水晶小马们有利的事情。有的时候，她会自己偷偷放跑一些犯下错误的奴隶，给他们一些食物和首饰帮他们逃跑，森布拉得知后，也并不会责怪她，只是默默地接受。如今，她一遍欺骗着她的恶魔朋友，试图让他以邪恶的心灵做出善良的行为；另一方面，她也在欺骗自己，试图让自己相信自己所做的一切已经足够，她已经在尽力改变，她祈祷自己不会是水晶帝国正在发生的一切暴行的帮凶。

不过，数月的时光过去，她却没有在森布拉的身上看到她所期待的改变。水晶宫外的断头台每天都在高负荷运转；一批又一批的小马在广场上接受阅兵随后消失在遥远的前线；帝国广袤的疆域上，风雪中的矿洞里，贫困潦倒的矿工在影魔的监督下日夜劳作，祈祷着不要成为哪个心情糟糕的影魔的晚餐。帝国的每一个角落都充满了恐惧和绝望，而希望的耳语却只能在皇宫的角落中回荡，只能救下区区几十或者也许乐观点，几百条生命。
希望辐光将她最后的希望寄托在了与森布拉约定好的水晶集会上。甚至可以说，童年的那次没能去成的水晶集会塑造了如今的森布拉，也许只要能纠正过去的遗憾，也许只要自己能多唤醒一些他的回忆，那个真正的森布拉就会回来。
她的希望在一天一天减少，但她仍未放弃，她向黑晶暗示了四五次，想要尽快举办一次水晶集会，希望能够让他回忆起那些美好的时光，让他重新找回自己 — 但很显然，森布拉似乎并没有听进去，又或许是在刻意逃避？

“虽然我一直在尝试复活他，但最终复活他的并不是我，我想我可能并不会是着一切的元凶，至少我希望我不是。” 她想。
[en.@desc]
Radient hope does not consider herself a good pony. She is well aware that she has spent most of her life trying to release or resurrect a demon; she is not proud either about what she is doing now, deceiving this demon, or perhaps deceiving herself.

At first, she pretended not to see all the atrocities, just occasionally reminding Sombra to keep his temper. Later, she began to guide or even deceive Sombra into doing things she thought would benefit the crystal ponies, pretending to be unintentional in conversation. Sometimes, she would secretly release some slaves who made mistakes, give them some food and jewelry to help them escape, and Sombra would not blame her after knowing it, just accept it silently. Now, she is deceiving her demon friend, trying to make him do good deeds with an evil heart; on the other hand, she is also deceiving herself, trying to make herself believe that everything she has done is enough, she is trying to change, and she prays that she will not be an accomplice to all the atrocities happening in the Crystal Empire.

However, after months have passed, she has not seen the changes she expected in Sombra. The guillotine outside the Crystal Palace operates at full capacity every day; batch after batch of ponies receive parades in the square and then disappear on the distant front lines; in the vast territory of the empire, in the mines in the wind and snow, the poor miners work day and night under the supervision of the Umbrum, praying not to become the dinner of a bad-tempered Umbrum. Every corner of the empire is filled with fear and despair, and the whispers of hope can only echo in the corners of the palace, saving only a few dozen or perhaps, optimistically, a few hundred lives.
Radiant Hope placed her last hope on the crystal fair she agreed with Sombra. It can even be said that the crystal fair that he missed in his childhood shaped the Sombra today. Perhaps as long as she can correct the regrets of the past, perhaps as long as she can awaken some of his memories, the real Sombra will come back.
Her hope is diminishing day by day, but she has not given up. She hinted to Sombra four or five times, hoping to hold a crystal fair as soon as possible, hoping to remind him of those beautiful times, hoping to help him find himself again — but obviously, Sombra seems to have not listened, or perhaps deliberately avoided it?

“Although I have been trying to resurrect him, it was not me who finally resurrected him. I think I may not be the culprit of all this, at least I hope I am not.” She thought.
[zh.@o0]
醒醒吧，森布拉。
[en.@o0]
Wake up, Sombra.
