[zh.@]
《廷马克图水晶开采方案》
[en.@]
Timbucktu Crystal Mining Plan

[zh.@desc]
这是来自云中城商业委员会的提案，他们在廷马克图遗址发现了一些浅层水晶矿，储量巨大且质量很高、花纹精美适合制成首饰，利润巨大...
然而，来自云中城的贪婪资本家们对层云堡并不了解，在此生活数年的喷火则略有了解：廷马克图是在两姐妹政权的初期层云堡地区的一个天马城邦，并与那时的小马利亚王国关系密切，以盛产香料（辣味的彩虹）闻名。廷马克图的国王无意间发现了那些“被诅咒的水晶”，廷马克图的水晶首饰生意爆火，也招来了幻形灵王国的觊觎 —— 幻形灵并不食用香料，但水晶则意味着财富。曾经毫无价值的小城邦廷马克图一夜之间变得富有，也在顷刻之间在幻形灵的攻势下消失的无影无踪。
因此，有着这样不详预兆的廷马克图水晶，制成首饰是不会有消费者的，更不用说是利润巨大了。商业委员会自然不知道这些，即使用这种历史传说来反对他们，也只会被他们视作无稽之谈，或者干脆让我们隐瞒这些故事。自他们被呆蹄领主赶出云中城后，商业委员会的行事更加失去了规则约束，他们对于层云堡的提案也越来越唯利是图... 喷火看着这份提案，叹了口气，把它放到了一边。
[en.@desc]
This is a proposal from the Cloudsdale Chamber of Commerce. They discovered some shallow crystal mines in the Timbucktu ruins, with huge reserves and high quality, exquisite patterns suitable for making jewelry, and huge potential profits...
However, the greedy capitalists from Cloudsdale do not understand Stratusburg, while Spitfire, who has lived here for several years, has some understanding: Timbucktu was a pegasus city-state in the early days of the two sisters’ regime of Equestria, and had close ties with the then Kingdom of Equesria. Timbucktu was famous for its production of spices (spicy rainbow). The king of Timbucktu accidentally discovered the “cursed crystals”. Soon the crystal jewelry business in Timbucktu boomed, attracting the covetousness of the Changeling Kingdom — Spices meant nothing to the Changelings, but crystals meant wealth. The once worthless city-state of Timbucktu became rich overnight, and disappeared without a trace under the Changelings’ attack.
Therefore, with such ominous signs of the Timbucktu crystals, making jewelry will not have any consumers, let alone huge profits. The Chamber of Commerce naturally does not know this. Even if we use this historical legend to oppose them, they will only regard it as nonsense, or simply let us conceal these stories. Since driven out of Cloudsdale by Duchess Derpy, the Chamber of Commerce has become more and more irresponsible in their actions, and their proposals for Stratusburg have become more and more profit-oriented... Spitfire looked at this proposal, sighed, and put it aside.

[zh.@o0]
暂不批准
[en.@o0]
Reject for now
