[zh.@]
意外发现
[en.@]
Unexpected Discovery
[zh.@desc]
经济部作出勘探水晶矿洞的指令后，一支大型的勘探队组建了起来。一批探险，科研，后勤等方面能力较强的小马暂时离开了他们的工作岗位，预备着这重要的勘探计划。唯独军队中的小马因帝国袭扰的压力而无法抽身。经济部因此征召了一批尚无岗位又擅长战斗的难民进入勘探队。新来的和风也在其列，他和另外十几只小马一起作为保卫力量，保护勘探队的安全。

深入山谷，四周的环境急剧变化，身后是绿意盎然的平地，前方通往矿洞的路则是另一番风格：地势起伏不定，自上而下覆盖着一层冰雪。离奇的是，所有冰雪一旦过了那条分界线，便在顷刻间融为雪水，汇入小溪。毫无疑问，这是魔法水晶的影响。这里的水晶魔力较高，以致魔力外溢。这是个好兆头！说明这里的水晶，一定很优质...

可是再往上走，这份魔力越来越诡异——尤其是在矿洞口，队伍中的独角兽突然全部恢复了魔力！小部分独角兽甚至能够使用魔法光束等高级魔法。小马们很兴奋，尤其是队伍中的科学家们——他们可能找到了恢复魔力的办法！很快，勘探队分成了不同的小组，负责探索的小组迅速向矿洞前进，调查水晶矿藏，和水晶中蕴含的魔力。

和风所在的小组负责保护大本营的安全，以及勘探周围的地形。前方是一个山谷，两侧是高山，山脚下就是水晶矿洞。顺着山谷向前方走去，路边开始有了一些裸露的水晶，前方的路却戛然而止：一座异常挺立的大山如同在山谷中间拔地而起，原本看起来自然的山谷道路被大山截断，显得极为不和谐。和风像那座大山走去，距离大山脚十米的距离时，情况突然就不对了——他竟然在原地走路，任凭他怎样努力往前走，都好似有一股无形的风在将他往外推。

像是被屏蔽了一样，前面的区域仿佛静止了一样。和风吓坏了，赶紧向着山谷的出口方向跑。他还没跑多远，就被裸露的水晶绊倒。他起身，不敢再在这里多待一会。刚准备跑，却看到了一道光束横在自己眼前——那颗水晶被他绊了一下，角度变化反射了太阳的光束。光束在周围的水晶中不断反射，最后射向了那座大山。一道波纹回荡在先前阻挡和风那道屏障上，紧接着整座大山在他眼前消失了，取而代之的，是一座长相奇怪的建筑物，散发着怪异的光弧——
[en.@desc]
After the Economic Department issued the order to explore the Crystal Cave, a large exploration team was formed. A group of ponies with strong abilities in exploration, scientific research, logistics, etc., temporarily left their jobs and prepared for this important exploration plan. Only the soldiers are unable to participate due to the pressure of the empire’s attack. Anyway, the Economic Department recruited a group of refugees who are good at fighting and have no job to join the exploration team to replace the soldiers. Wandering Wind is also among them. He and more than a dozen other ponies serve as the defense force to protect the safety of the exploration team.

As they entered the valley, the surrounding environment changed dramatically. Behind them was a lush plain, while the road leading to the cave ahead was completely different: the terrain was undulating, covered with a layer of ice and snow from top to bottom. Strangely, once all the ice and snow passed that boundary, they melted into water and flowed into a stream in the blink of an eye. There is no doubt that this is the influence of magic crystals. The magic power of the crystals here is so high that it overflows. This is a good sign! It means that the crystals here must be of high quality...

But as they went further up, the magic power became more and more bizarre — especially at the entrance of the cave, all the unicorns in the team suddenly regained their magic power! Some of the unicorns can even use advanced magic such as magic beams. The ponies were very excited, especially the scientists in the team — they may have found a way to restore magic power! Soon, the exploration team was divided into different groups, and the group responsible for exploration quickly advanced towards the cave, investigating the crystal deposits and the magic contained in the crystals.

Wandering Wind and his group are responsible for protecting the safety of the base camp and exploring the surrounding terrain. Ahead of them is a valley, with high mountains on both sides and the Crystal Cave in between. As they walked forward along the valley, some exposed crystals appeared on the roadside, but the road ahead suddenly stopped: an unusual mountain stood up in the middle of the valley, cutting off the otherwise natural valley road, making it extremely discordant. Wandering Wind walked towards the mountain, and when he was ten meters away from the foot of the mountain, he sensed that something was wrong — he seemed to be walking in place, no matter how hard he tried to move forward, as if a gust of invisible wind was pushing him out.

As if being shielded, the area in front seemed to be frozen in time. Wandering Wind was frightened and quickly ran towards the exit of the valley. He hadn’t run far when he was tripped by the exposed crystal. He got up and dared not stay here any longer. Just as he was about to run, he saw a beam of light in front of him — the crystal he tripped over changed the angle and reflected the sunlight. The beam of light kept reflecting in the surrounding crystals, and finally shot towards the mountain. A ripple echoed on the barrier that blocked Wandering Wind before, and then the entire mountain disappeared in front of him. In its place was a strange-looking building emitting a strange light arc —
[zh.@o0]
马上报告科学研究部，马上!
[en.@o0]
Report the Research Department immediately!
[zh.@TOOLTIP]
§R这是什么...?§!
[en.@TOOLTIP]
§RWhat is this...?§!
