[zh.@]
物竞天择，适者生存。时间长廊从不会允许失败者留下他们的痕迹。
在数百年的较量中，因比不过那些水果家族售卖的颜色艳丽、口感甘甜多汁的竞品，橡果家族和他们的产品逐渐变得默默无闻。他们没有遭受多么大的失败、没有感受到什么痛苦或不甘，仅仅是渐渐地被时间吞没：他们的家族规模不断缩小，家园不断向着边缘地带搬迁。无处为家，香甜橡果园也逐渐从生意变为了自给自足的封闭后院。直到最后，橡果家族的最后一代，灰胡桃和橡子，将他们颇具艺术天赋的宝贝独子开心果送往马哈顿进修时尚设计，橡果家族的故事最终落下了帷幕。
物竞天择，适者生存。哪怕再不起眼，能在时间长廊中留下痕迹者，都有着他们的生存之道。
也许是父母的爱深刻影响着开心果，从来不适应田园生活的开心果在成为著名时尚设计师后，他的每一件作品却都在反映着田园生活 — 他独特的橡果的符号也一度风靡小马利亚东海岸。血缘意义上的橡果家族或许结束了，但开心果的学徒们，还有学徒的学徒们，都骄傲地自称是橡果家族的一份子。无处为家，处处为家，香甜橡果园虽已几乎没有小马居住，荒废的园地连幻形灵都懒得造访，但这里的房屋物件都还与当年一样，等待着橡果家族的新面孔们有朝一日前来造访。
[en.@]
Survival of the fittest. The corridor of time never allows failed ones to leave their mark.
Over centuries of competition, unable to contend with the vibrantly colored, sweet, and juicy produce sold by fruit families, the Acorn family and their products gradually faded into obscurity. They didn’t suffer a grand defeat, nor did they feel much pain or resentment; they were simply consumed by time. Their family size continuously dwindled, and their homes shifted further and further to the periphery. Nowhere to be home, the Sweet Acorn Orchard transformed from a business into a self-sufficient, secluded backyard. Eventually, when the last generation of the Acorn family, Butternut and Oak Nut, sent their artistically gifted darling son, Pistachio, to study fashion design in Manehattan, the story of the Acorn family finally drew to a close.
Survival of the fittest. The ones who can leave their mark in the corridor of time, no matter how inconspicuous, must possess their own ways of survival.
Perhaps deeply influenced by his parents’ love, Pistachio, who never adapted to rural life, reflected it in every one of his works after becoming a famous fashion designer. His unique acorn symbol even became a sensation on the east coast of Equestria. The Acorn family, in a bloodline sense, may have ended, but Pistachio’s apprentices, and their apprentices, all proudly call themselves members of the Acorn family. No where to be home, yet everywhere their home — though the Sweet Acorn Orchard is now almost devoid of ponies, and its neglected grounds are even too unappealing for changelings to visit, the houses and objects there remain just as they were, awaiting new faces of the Acorn family to visit someday.
